Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: we begin tonight in a cold. muddy camp on the river cat.
Tim Sackton: the 5 of you sitting around a warming fire
Tim Sackton: in the forest
Tim Sackton:  From the edge of the woods, where the river curves to the east you can see the lights of
Tim Sackton: Vervinka a few miles downstream.
Tim Sackton: but here the forest is dense and dark, and the only light is the flicker of your campsite.
Tim Sackton: You've been on foot for the past
Tim Sackton: day and a half, trucking through the snow in the mud after leaving
Tim Sackton: vendors are now hopefully safe in Frederick's hands.
Tim Sackton: and it's been a while 4 and a half months or more, since you were forced to rough it in the cold, and without your, you know, fancy beds, and whatever you have on the ship.
Tim Sackton: But at this point. after more than a year of traveling together
Tim Sackton: a year ago today you were killing the demon that was creating noles and ravens old.
Tim Sackton: It's easy to slip into your familiar camp routines.
Tim Sackton: So at this point, imagining the scene, the
Tim Sackton: hence set up
Kate Sackton: probably dealt with cooking something.
Tim Sackton: Why don't you all just give up the description of your characters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, guys, just just for some meta.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we are now about to actually go into the place, into Ersk, into like. Where? The where and is it a specific city we're going into? Where? Where are we like? Outside of
Tim Sackton: so Trade City.
Tim Sackton: Zirvinka, the Trade city world the monster Park market is.
Mike Sackton: So we are not yet in the place, for, like the discriminate against magic users, and they're gonna like, not yet not yet. Tomorrow morning it will be tomorrow. Yeah, got it. Okay? And this is this is like our our reconnaissance, like we're about to do some like more recon before we before we actually go.
Tim Sackton: It's up to you what you're about to do next. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay. Oh, man.
Kate Sackton: I put in the chat notes the link to the Philosopher's Guild information on Ersk, and they had a paragraph about Zervinka.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here is where the wealth of earth is made
Kate Sackton: here of all places in Ersk the eyes are more concerned with the danger from ice worms than foreigners. That doesn't mean this is place you can just walk into.
Kate Sackton: This is a well-defended. The guard is strong.
Kate Sackton: So, anyway.
Tim Sackton: thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: so who wants to describe their character first?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's same thing. Okay.
Mike Sackton: and that's the same thing.
Kate Sackton: I'm assuming we had resources on the on and Shana to make like
Kate Sackton: reasonably well outfooted, but different than our usual garb disguises like
Kate Sackton: Brisbane.
Kate Sackton: Assuming that this is possible, Bruce, and is not wearing her usual armor. She's not visibly carrying like a obviously dwarven war hammer.
Kate Sackton: She's well still, you know, still well armored and
Kate Sackton: and
Kate Sackton: packing all this gear, because here we are roughing it again. But that's all been set aside at the at the campsite.
Kate Sackton: and she's just stretching her legs, after all of the stilt practice. and getting ready to
Kate Sackton: try to fight with some more human style moves that she's been observing from
Kate Sackton: her monk friend, and try to be a little bit less obviously dwarfish
Kate Sackton: if it comes to a brawl
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker, has packed away his purple gemstone goggles, and
Eric Rosenbaum: is not flaunting. The magical gemstone gauntlet.
Eric Rosenbaum: and generally has packed away the various
Eric Rosenbaum: packs and pouches and bits and bobs of things that generally carries all over his person to be ready at a moment's notice with a tiny mechanical animal if it's needed, or a scroll of
Eric Rosenbaum: interventional whatever. so that is
Eric Rosenbaum: packed away, leaving Silver in his tall and red robes.
Eric Rosenbaum: He spends a lot of time pacing back and forth, practicing from an Erskine phrase book. and but tonight he realized that having a streak of white
Eric Rosenbaum: in his hair and beard might be
Eric Rosenbaum: conspicuous as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so he's been trying out different methods of naturally dying
Eric Rosenbaum: the hair
Eric Rosenbaum: like what were ground-up bark or acorns. Maybe.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: we've got some survival skills and medicine skills going. We can
Kate Sackton: through something
UU Church of Boulder: deal with
Mike Sackton: pacing about. also practicing
Mike Sackton: Ersk trading phrases with Seeker now and then. He has somehow acquired a
Mike Sackton: sheath for his sword. He doesn't normally keep his sword sheathed. Normally he just sticks it somewhere. Mysterious.
Mike Sackton: He's actually wearing it.
Mike Sackton:  but as otherwise his his
Mike Sackton: hair is.
Mike Sackton: he looks. He actually looks a bit different than normal.
Mike Sackton: His hair is more neatly combed.
Mike Sackton: Lot of the signs of the taunt she are tucked away. Normally, he wears, you know, feather and
Mike Sackton: a silver
Mike Sackton: rating around. Is that get a few other sort of amulets and symbols of the tanchi. But
Mike Sackton: he looks more elvish. He looks. He looks mo more elvish than you've ever seen him look actually more
Mike Sackton:  like the Elves of Orn was, or
Mike Sackton: I guess that's the only other sort of Matt. You know, his hair more neat, his clothing
Mike Sackton: leader less human.
Mike Sackton: Everything about him just has a little bit of a vibe slightly less hum human than normal.
Mike Sackton: and he's kinda not only practicing
Mike Sackton: Erskine, but he is occasionally repeating some phrases in elvish and sort of
Mike Sackton: thinking about seems to be sort of reflecting on his elvish heritage. Some
UU Church of Boulder: will be over. These last couple of weeks has been
UU Church of Boulder: working to just soak in the
UU Church of Boulder: culture and the traditions of the North shaped the armor to look like the Northerner's garb, and picking up phrases from Ersk, but also trying to match the
UU Church of Boulder: accent of the halflings that we've run into in this part of the world. and others
UU Church of Boulder: once or twice over the journey. You've caught him at the table, not working on maps, but
UU Church of Boulder: refreshing on what must have been old, like
UU Church of Boulder: trading workbooks working through currency, conversion rates the time value of money for various various things.
UU Church of Boulder: And right now, back out in the woods. The thing he's been enjoying actually
UU Church of Boulder: 2 is soky in this totally new biome. So learning the names of every plant, and he has gathered this pine cone collection of the pine cones of the northern forest, and
UU Church of Boulder: is snacking on one which is apparently edible, though by his face not delicious kind of edible.
UU Church of Boulder: wearing the white. Choose that small folk in this part of the world where to walk over the top of the snow instead of sinking into it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quick question, is it just us or any of our crew here?
Tim Sackton: No, your crew is all on the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then second for Ersk in this area, you know, we've been like like wearing toll and red like, is there like a color? It was like, what's the what's the kind of neutral slash like not drawing attention to itself. I mean, it's still it's it's April. But when you know, spring comes late.
Tim Sackton: most people wear furs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because otherwise it's cold. Right? I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Dallas, you cannot. You can almost not see his arm. His arm is actually hidden under a heavy wire. First.
Tim Sackton: Good afternoon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, I think I think during this period as well. Especially if if well be is is taking interest in the the natural
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the wildlife here, you know, Kansas, always extremely interested in the trees in the forest. And it's very, very happy to be back in the forest actually after so much flying and so much
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of being an
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: much more kind of remote snowy areas. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think he also joins Wellbe, and they do a little bit of exploring together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo also taking opportunities to communicate with Nature and sit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: buy that out with the trees.  And he also has been reflecting a lot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on his mentorship of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the name of it? My mentee? Again I keep Amal and thinking about his own journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: connecting all of these different kind of schools of like thinking and the different
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the different kind of spiritual disciplines that he's been learning under, as he's been trying to think through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his own perspective, and how he wants to combine these different these different modalities together into whatever he's trying to teach and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pass on to am all. But then, also thinking about, you know what this bigger vision could look like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he thinks about that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: absent mindedly. And then also, he spends a lot of time working on updated like as he's been working on his woodworking. He's getting like he's been getting a lot better. And just as a hobby he's making like really cool versions of like the party like in his own. Little little little little like woodworking figurines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know, and like, you notice, they all look like pretty realistic, and they're awesome. But like deal lifts like. Looks like like it's dealt with like the the on his list. Looks kind of like like he's got like kind of frowny face, and that's a little like angry and mad. And but everybody else looks like really like, like, you know, like, you know, has like really cool poses and stuff like that so you know, side thing, but you know dealt with you. Kinda notice like, like, why, it's just. It's you look kind of like, really frowny and upset, and everybody else looks like really heroic looking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But 10. Kenza's just, kinda you know, absent the different characters, including a really cool one of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of of Baxter
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Tim Sackton: So as you
Tim Sackton: reflect and begin to discuss your plan for the
Tim Sackton: days ahead.
Tim Sackton:  you think back. It's been nearly a month since he killed the White Dragon and met the Vargold.
Tim Sackton: The 2 ish weeks in camp wasn't quite enough time to become fully fluent in Erskine for anybody except maybe deal with, I mean, well, be who picks up languages fast?
Tim Sackton:  But you suddenly picked up right off to get by, and you can.
Tim Sackton: You can, you know.
Tim Sackton: communicate in halting fashion, for sure.
Tim Sackton: You've also learned a number of
Tim Sackton: tidbits and stories and tales about Ersk and Bravenka Vervinka. That may serve you in the coming days.
Tim Sackton: The day after you killed the White Dragon that morning was the one year anniversary of your meeting.
Tim Sackton: and a few days later, the festival of Rebirth. the second such festival
Tim Sackton: in the Dunmari calendar that you celebrated together
Tim Sackton: and over the days as you spent most of your time practicing your languages.
Tim Sackton: trying to pick up the accents and grammars of
Tim Sackton: of Erskine.
Tim Sackton: You know people wandered into camp with the dragon dead. There was more. you know, commerce and traffic coming in in and out of the camp that you were in. and you heard stories. You heard stories about the
Tim Sackton: that. no, yeah. So called the yeah
Tim Sackton: cultural and linguistic kin of the Vargolds who live under the rule of the Ersk
Tim Sackton: wizards.
Tim Sackton:  the
Tim Sackton:  What distinguishes them? You learn more about this crav, this right that binds people to the magic of Ersk
Tim Sackton: and the the Noaa are the people are the Vargas who have.
Tim Sackton: who have undergone this right.
Tim Sackton: And so our tide to the the country and the magical protections of the country. And you learn that
Tim Sackton: crev is not a right that can be forced on you. and there are some
Tim Sackton: Noah who have chosen not to participate.
Tim Sackton: so not everybody in Ersk is forced to undergo this right. But the rumor. true or not, you're not sure
Tim Sackton: is that the wizards of earth will not lift a finger to help those who are not part of the craft, although
Tim Sackton: how they know. or if they can tell. we don't know.
Tim Sackton: There are some even who say that there are magical protections woven into the borders of the country
Tim Sackton: that keep mindless monsters of the waste from even being able to perceive people who are bound to the crowd. And there's a story. perhaps apocryphal. Perhaps not
Tim Sackton: that once a young dragon attacked Ravinka.
Tim Sackton: no one did anything to stop it, but it flew around, and it
Tim Sackton: perched on the buildings, and it look seemingly uninterested in the people going about their daily business
Tim Sackton: until it saw a group of Noah leaving a tavern
Tim Sackton: and swooped down on them and them alone. and the watchers. the eyes of the fed Mccarth.
Tim Sackton: the magical guardians of Ersk, just stood there while, ate all 6 of the Noah.
Tim Sackton: and then, after it had finished
Tim Sackton: consuming them, launched a devastating attack that destroyed the dragon, seemingly without being seen. Now, whether this is a tale that is spread to scare people into
Tim Sackton: submitting to this right, or whether it's true nobody knows.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: at least on some level. It seems that those who
Tim Sackton: find themselves to Ersk do so willingly. You also learn that the rules and Ersk about.
Tim Sackton: But do they leave?
Kate Sackton: Ersk can go back to the Bargold?
Tim Sackton: No, nobody leaves Ersk.
Tim Sackton: It's very difficult to leave Earth once you are bound in this right
Kate Sackton: to the ones that haven't done the crevright go back to earth.
Kate Sackton: The other word Vargolt, Varg, the join the Vargold, I mean? Not
Tim Sackton: sometimes, I guess.
Tim Sackton: There are not like I mean, it's not like there are, you know. You don't ever meet anybody in camp who has.
Tim Sackton: who lived in Earth as a child and then left. They seem pretty distinct.
Tim Sackton: and this was, you know, a hundred years ago, or something that is generations ago, that the
Tim Sackton: that the
Tim Sackton: people who became what are now called the Noyac
Tim Sackton: were sort of incorporated into Earth. So these cultures have diverged somewhat in that time.
Kate Sackton: Have any Vargold join the Noah in that time
Kate Sackton: like traders? You just said, Hey, you know, I think I'm gonna take up Erskine Krebs.
Tim Sackton:  there are rumors
Tim Sackton: of some who might have. But again, people don't
Tim Sackton: leave, and
Tim Sackton: the Ersk wizards don't. I mean there's very little immigration allowed into Ersk. They keep tight controls on their borders. so it does not seem like there's a lot of back and forth beyond this one city where.
Tim Sackton: you know, traders are allowed to enter
Mike Sackton: Denoy, the people who haven't done the ritual right.
Tim Sackton:  many of them have.
Mike Sackton: bye. So wait the story. The important point about the story about the dragon was not that they were, but the base was they hadn't done the ritual yet.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: those who are not Noah almost never.
Tim Sackton: The the like. Noncompliance rate among men is much higher than among sort of coastal Erskines.
Tim Sackton:  there are strict. You also learn that there are strict rules in Earth about the use of magic, and they're harshly enforced.
Tim Sackton: Only those who can prove they belong to one of the Rodna, the the ruling, the
Tim Sackton: they're not. They're not nobility that anybody can join, and anybody who has magical ability. And who's
Tim Sackton: Bacon? The crev right, can become part of one of the Noah, the Rodna.
Tim Sackton: but only people who are part of the Rania are allowed to cast spells.
Tim Sackton: and if you are caught casting spells
Tim Sackton: you're caught using magic.
Tim Sackton: and you're not
Tim Sackton: pledge to one of the Rodnaaff
Tim Sackton: like the the eyes of Ed Maccop, that otherwise known as the watchers, just like whisk you away, and nobody really knows what happens.
Mike Sackton: Are there any priests?
Tim Sackton: There are no priests that any that anybody's ever seen in? There are some priests. Among the
Tim Sackton: among the Noah there are some.
Tim Sackton: according to the to the Vargoldy, there's some like hidden underground. a
Tim Sackton: religious
Tim Sackton: organizations, priests among the the Noah who still worship these animal spirits that
Tim Sackton: the Vargold worship. But there isn't, as far as anybody know, no Vargold has ever
Tim Sackton: seen or heard
Tim Sackton: the Erskin discuss anything that seems like religion.
Eric Rosenbaum: What exactly that means is hard to know.
Mike Sackton: But according by the rules, anyway, there's no distinction between sources of magic. Sure.
Mike Sackton: What about non-humans any non humans ever seen in Ersk.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So this this you learned at the end of last session. But to refresh your memory, I mean there are.
Tim Sackton: So there are halflings that are part of the I mean, there's halflings among the
Tim Sackton: there are
Tim Sackton: stone-born
Tim Sackton: among the ergaldi. There are probably dwarves occasion, I mean, dwarves are common in the mountains to the west, so every now and then one might make the journey. This is much rare now, but hundreds of years ago, when
Tim Sackton: the land was safer because the giant
Tim Sackton: right yarn frost kept things safe. Training missions will probably go across. but doors don't settle in
Tim Sackton: hufflings don't really settle in Ersk.
Tim Sackton: It is.
Tim Sackton: Nobody really knows if if non-humans can even participate in the crowd like none of the bark. All the are sure right.
Tim Sackton: And it's not like there's like a, you know, dwarven quarter of Zerbinka, or something. If there's Halfling living in the middle of Erskine, some secret city, halfling city of halfling wizards, who are totally
Tim Sackton: diverged from the rest of halfling kind. Nobody in among the Bargaldi knows
Eric Rosenbaum: who administers the right.
Tim Sackton: the Rania, the these wizard organizations.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what do we know any details of what it looks like?
Tim Sackton: No, nobody knows what it looks like. All you know, is that it? It has some effect similar to the to the raccoon
Tim Sackton: mysti ritual, where you're like somehow connected in some web or magical battery or something, and it's part of what's used to protect is is what makes the
Tim Sackton: watching so strong like they're
Tim Sackton: there's a very unusually high amount of powerful wizards, and Ersk
Tim Sackton: like way out of proportion, what there should be based on, like the distribution of magic mobility across Talgar. II wonder if we could infer, then.
Eric Rosenbaum: if this web of protection works in a similar way.
Eric Rosenbaum: if it's hosted or powered by a deity.
Eric Rosenbaum: and even if there's some artifact that it relies on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not that we'd wanna steal that and turn off the protection, but
Tim Sackton: it's possible. I mean, nobody knows right. What. All you hear from the is that you know. if somebody sees you casting spells, and you can't, you know, show your your like, you know signet ring indicating which you know.
Tim Sackton: Rodna, you're part of
Tim Sackton: like, don't you'll be in trouble, I mean, of course, you can like fight people off right. But like
Tim Sackton: is, just gonna watch quietly while you cast spells unless you can show them your.
Tim Sackton: You know your badge of membership.
Eric Rosenbaum: The signet ring detail is interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: because they if we could only
Eric Rosenbaum: see one of those even we could replicate it convincingly. Maybe.
Tim Sackton: maybe, although you know.
Tim Sackton: probably a magical ring, the whole, like system of these magical
Tim Sackton: organizations is very opaque to the Ragaldi, and they have no idea how the watchers
Tim Sackton: verify that you're a member.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Tim Sackton: They might, you know, have some magical way of checking. That's sad.
Kate Sackton: secret handshake.
Tim Sackton: You do hear that, as far as the Bargaldi know, they don't have like supernatural powers of detection.  If they just think you're Fargaldi going to the market to sell stuff they're not like. Gonna
Tim Sackton: but you know they're not. They don't scan. They don't have like a wander detect magic and scan everybody who passes the gates and lock you up if you have one magic item
Mike Sackton: right there. Yeah. Our magic items also illegal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Tim Sackton: That is
Tim Sackton: complicated.
Tim Sackton: Magic items that create spells are considered just casting spells. So a wand of something
Tim Sackton: a magical sword would not be if it doesn't. If it has no, if it has only passive effects.
Tim Sackton: they basically usually don't care. That's the that's at least as far as the bargaining go, like something super powerful. Who knows? Right? But, generally speaking.
Tim Sackton: you're understanding from what you've learned from the various rumors and tales that have crossed the Cat River valley is that really, they're just watching for active magical effects? Right? So if you take out a wand and you wave it around, and then, you know.
Tim Sackton: something happens, or even if nothing happens, you wave it around and test, detect magic and put the wand away.
Tim Sackton: Somebody will be like, do you have permission to do that. If you just walk into town wearing magical armor. As far as anybody knows, they're not gonna notice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about that? What about magic fists
Tim Sackton:  your Penzance magic is is is more. It's it's a little, far enough. It's far enough away from what they consider magic that they probably wouldn't notice. I'm like post magic. Basically, it's
Tim Sackton: but but basically, the you know, the idea is like, you know.
Tim Sackton: don't draw attention to yourself, and nobody's gonna poke too hard if you go in guns blazing.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Kate Sackton: Shadow storm is a wonderful magic
Tim Sackton: weapon, but it's also very dwarfish, so I left it behind, not because it was too magical, but because it's too dwarfish. Well, you might wanna just keep it in the bag of holding instead of leaving it behind. Magic mirror. And you know, try and trap somebody in it. Somebody's gonna notice, right like.
Tim Sackton: But it's not passive exact. No, that's just gonna say to say a command word
Eric Rosenbaum: to activate the trapping.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if you say that just outside the border just carry the mirror in? What if you use your shabbascoi to say that. Yeah, there you go. We leave the mirror outside and bring an enormous lens with us. Exactly that that
Eric Rosenbaum: the the basic vibe, though, is that like, if you don't do anything that seems obviously magical, nobody's they don't have, like some
Tim Sackton: web of detect magic that pings whenever you enter the city. It's all just based on observation. But
Tim Sackton: you know there's spies. There's people who are happy to
Tim Sackton: earn a coin reporting rogue magic users to the watchers. So it's really about, you know there's rep like there's there's
Tim Sackton: Bargaldine
Tim Sackton: Druids, who have, you know, entered town and wandered around and like sold magic stuff and left without any trouble.
Tim Sackton: but if they had, you know, nobody would ever be so foolish as to attempt to shape shift while they're in verbena. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: The other thing you learn is that so? The market.
Tim Sackton: the the the city, has get a basic overview of the city from from pales and traders who have passed by. So it's it is really like the edge of of earth, like as you can see from where your campus
Tim Sackton: you know, 3 miles west of the city. You're just in dense forest.
Tim Sackton: The city is along the bank of the cat. The bank is quite swampy, and it floods when the snow melts. So that's not built too close to it's not built right up against the city, and the river is really only navigable for about 3 to 4 months a year. So it's not.
Tim Sackton: does not like. It's not centered around the harbor.
Tim Sackton: The main thing that the serving Inca as kind of centered around is the
Tim Sackton:  the so it's
Tim Sackton: you know. It's a walled city. So as you approach, you see the
Tim Sackton: all walls rising sort of from the snow covered forests in the icy waters of the river.
Tim Sackton: made of dark stone.
Tim Sackton:  the
Tim Sackton: most notable landscape. Our most notable features from the
Tim Sackton: outside
Tim Sackton: is the
Tim Sackton: people call it various things, but it's mostly known as the watchers spire. So
Tim Sackton: tower of of the watchers, the the magical police, basically. That rises from the the city is built sort of on a gentle slope leading up from the
Tim Sackton: from the riverbank, and the tower is built on the highest point.
Tim Sackton: and sort of overlooks the city.
Tim Sackton: There is also a
Tim Sackton: the huge market on a in a giant open plaza, buzzing with activity.
Tim Sackton: It is
Tim Sackton: busy every morning by most
Tim Sackton: promising for the sale of you know. Esoteric goods, monster parts, things like that
Tim Sackton: on
Tim Sackton: were the days on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Tim Sackton: So you'll you'll arrive on on a Monday, so you'll have. You have a day or 2 before the market opens.
Tim Sackton:  trade is welcomed as you as you approach. There's there is a stone bridge.
Tim Sackton: sturdy stone.
Tim Sackton: has been there for
Tim Sackton: a long time, as far as one can tell over the bridge, and that's the main entrance to the city. There's not.
Tim Sackton: There's really only one gate in or out of the city.
Tim Sackton:  There's probably a
Tim Sackton: scattering of like, you know, poster doors and things.
Tim Sackton: But there's one main gate that people are allowed through  and and anybody is allowed to enter the city to sell. All you have to do is show the guards what you intend to sell.
Tim Sackton: and pay a tax fraction of the value of the goods that you intend to sell, which can be paid in kind or via gems or precious metals.
Tim Sackton: and you'll be given. you know, a seal for everything you want to sell what you need to present to whomever your buyer is to show that this is a legitimate sale.
Tim Sackton: But as long as you have this paperwork you will be
Tim Sackton: allowed to reside in the city for
Tim Sackton: for 10 days.
Tim Sackton: So you basically, you can arrive at any point and still be there for 2 markets.
Tim Sackton:  and there's, you know, around the market. There's a number of
Tim Sackton: taverns, and you know people are somewhat used to catering to outsiders here more than in other places. So many of the Bargaldi. When they go train. you know they'll go stay
Tim Sackton: for a couple days in the city.
The
Mike Sackton:  What are the Varga? You mostly trade for
Tim Sackton: metal very hard to get.
Tim Sackton: cloth, woven cloth. wine.
Mike Sackton: solved, weapons allowed to be sold.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: at all. Anything can be sold or bought in the markets as long the guards can just arbitrarily decide. No, you're not allowed to sell that, and not give you the.
Tim Sackton: But anything that you
Mike Sackton: are. Are there guards on the
Mike Sackton: South, I mean, does everybody, Erskin and vulgarity come in through
Mike Sackton: like? Presumably there's a group of Erskine merchants who are selling to the Ergaldi. Right?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, yes, if you're Erskin you can approach from you can.
Tim Sackton: Yes, earth's skin.
Tim Sackton: Erskine merchants don't need to register their goods for sale.
Mike Sackton: and I just is there like, I was just wondering, do the Erskine sell weapons to the
Tim Sackton: oh, yeah, for sure.
Mike Sackton: So there's no like attempts to keep the frog all the
Mike Sackton: week, or like hesitant about when you sell them, or anything like that. It's just it's
Tim Sackton: but what what your impression is from just like talking to people have been to Ersk. Is that
Tim Sackton: People are happy to sell anything to the burgall because they don't really think the burglary are, you know.
Tim Sackton: They'll probably all die next winter, anyway, is pretty much the attitude.
Tim Sackton: and it's and it's not. I mean, it's not in a sort of
Tim Sackton: it's more in a sort of fatalistic way than in a dismissive way. Right? It's like they're foolish for living out in the wilderness with no protection, and
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Tim Sackton: sell them what you can. I mean, there's some people who are sort of grateful right? They're like
Tim Sackton: we don't want to trek 500 miles into the snowy wastes to hunt dragons. It's
Tim Sackton: great if they bring us drug and sell them everything you know. Give them weapons, armor, whatever. Long as they keep breathing less dragon ahead.
Mike Sackton: we should just make a brief plan about who we are
Mike Sackton: and what we're selling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: And is there? I mean, we have sort of
Kate Sackton: it's somewhat perishable. But is there another city we want to go to eventually. And do we want to have to kill another thing to get more stuff to sell? Or do we want to sell some of our stuff here
Kate Sackton: and be planning to make our way to some? I was just trying to look at the map and see if what like
Kate Sackton: other city targets might be. Because
Kate Sackton: I mean this is obviously not where rice hand is.
Kate Sackton: so
Eric Rosenbaum: you say, obviously. But we really have no idea at all. Right.
Mike Sackton: I think.
UU Church of Boulder: is that the
UU Church of Boulder: the goal being here is not the buying or the selling.
UU Church of Boulder: It's the
UU Church of Boulder: finding where Risehand is or it's finding where the person who knows where Risehand is.
Mike Sackton: The more interesting letter is actually the one about the rotten. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Philosophers. Information concerning the Rodney. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We dumped that in chat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's just above on the sidebar.
Mike Sackton: You could also do that if you didn't have it on a weird monitor where the sidebar hides because it's too narrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice!
Mike Sackton: You know, you can just click those. I yes, I just realized, I noticed, as as I was saying, that I noticed a little thing. But
Eric Rosenbaum: nice website, nice website you made, Tim.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: the to me. The key point here is down at the bottom.
Mike Sackton:  Rodney Voknes are, shall we say at a low point? Right? They need something, a show of strength a way to prove their worth. Yes.
Mike Sackton: I think we need to get in touch with the Rodney and the other bit we know if you look at rise scrying. So, as I was looking up all this stuff while we were talking earlier.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Mike Sackton: mine is all too old. It doesn't have any of the Della Scribe stuff published. Where was it? I found it. I found the useful. It was the as Tolen.
Mike Sackton: Here we go.
Mike Sackton: If you scroll down on here to deal with scrying of oops that's link to have there. But scroll down to where it says, Radamar
Mike Sackton: Key Point, Rodney Voknez are not careless of your plight.
Mike Sackton: ie. The same, Rodney, that there's a reason we started looking at the Rodney Wagnas. They're the people who are keeping Radomir alive
Mike Sackton: right, and who are, as far as we can tell, the ones who have rise hand right now.
Mike Sackton: Radomir, the guy who found it gave it to them. I think, or did something with it. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: We have just
Mike Sackton: fragments of this whole story, don't we? So
Mike Sackton: sorry? Go ahead, Kate.
Kate Sackton: I was. Gonna say that we wanna learn more about
Kate Sackton: the Radnia in general, the Radnia barkheads in particular, and sort of figure out where we need to go
Kate Sackton: that might find the lead box.
Kate Sackton: That's you know.
Mike Sackton:  right? Here's the other bit. Which is this, the study burns right? So these are all backwards in time. Right? They start at the beginning in general, these philosophers build things. Start
Mike Sackton: now and go backwards. Right
Kate Sackton:  so yeah.
Kate Sackton: it's in a lead box there was at some point recently in a lead box of a cabinet in a study
Kate Sackton: in Ersk.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: Right? So it's it's it's presumably the Rania Voknus. Have it now, right? They got it from somebody, a man holding the jade, fiery manticles around slags, pleading. That sounds bad.
Mike Sackton: Something bad happened to somebody who had it. Man walking across mountains, speaking to deer.
Hmm.
Mike Sackton: that sounds like talking to the park. Ld.
Kate Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, right
Mike Sackton:  it sounds like he found it standing in a village in a, forest clearing. Take the jade that actually sounds like Radomire found it out amongst the barga.
Eric Rosenbaum: but now it's
Mike Sackton: back in a head. It's in a headquarters. It's in one of the headquarters of one of the run. Yeah, right?
Mike Sackton: So oh, there's multi. Multi! There's 8 of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know which one
Eric Rosenbaum: there is? Voknes is the one from
Mike Sackton: from Della's crying. We're fairly sure that Rodia Vaches.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? So one question is, can we go into this town? We're about to enter
Eric Rosenbaum: and find out from anybody
Eric Rosenbaum: something about like which Runyas are where
Eric Rosenbaum: or like where the book. Now, yeah, like, that's the sort of thing I want to find out that. See? That's when you do one thing, it's probably that thing.
Kate Sackton: But yeah, so if, like, there's tavern gossip about. Oh, yeah. So well.
Kate Sackton: something I'm wondering is
Kate Sackton: if people's affiliations are sort of clear and talked about like.
Eric Rosenbaum: or if we could like make some ploy like. Oh, I heard the Rod, you know something rather were
Kate Sackton: particularly interested in
Kate Sackton: dragon hearts.
Kate Sackton: you know. Are you? Are you? Something or other person.
Kate Sackton: you know, like that sort of thing, and they could be like, no, no, I'm with Rudy. blue, bitty blue
Mike Sackton: instead of something rather. And then maybe we could learn. II think we have to. I mean, it's a good idea. I think you just have to feel our way right. But
Eric Rosenbaum: should we sell all of the stuff that we got or reserve part of it.
Mike Sackton: I don't see any benefit in keeping any of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. So so are we gonna have. We're gonna have to leave this town
Kate Sackton: and go pretend to be
Mike Sackton: traitors, because that's the only way you're allowed to be anywhere in Ersk. Right?
Mike Sackton: I think we have 10 days to figure out in this town how we get somewhere next.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not gonna do us any good to.
Mike Sackton: They never go to other towns exactly. They they don't go on trading circuits around 7 tabs. They come here and sell to Ersk immersion. We have an end to this town, and we have permission to stay for 10 days. If at the end of 10 days we don't have the next step, then
Eric Rosenbaum: all we could do is like start sneaking way. We have to.
Kate Sackton: No, that's helpful to know that they that there aren't other. I wasn't necessarily pretending to be a Baldy in the next town, but if we
Mike Sackton: upped our Erskine game enough to pretend to be Erskine traders in an Erskin town, anyway. But I get ahead of myself. Let's just I mean at the same time we have. Some of our bits are like being held. Some of the remorse parts, or whatever are like in our magic cold box, right like. We don't necessarily want to take those out, because
Mike Sackton: that actually could be an interesting
Mike Sackton: way to try and attract attention. Tell somebody that we have some even more valuable bits. But we didn't dare to bring them into town, because
Mike Sackton: they're
Mike Sackton: yeah, exactly right. They're basically being kept whole by magic. And like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I forgot we did that. What are we supposed to do? We don't have that stuff with us, you're saying
Mike Sackton: we could. I mean, it's freezing cold, but I assume we leave it. I mean, we have plenty of stuff to sell, even if we leave that behind right?
Eric Rosenbaum: It would also like, you know, if somebody says, Oh, come back, we could get another 10 days right, we could include our deals and then come back with more stuff, and like we could find out who we asked permission to do. What about right? What's our cover story?
Tim Sackton: What do we have? Parts of just an ice room and a dragon. Right you have that you have from your it's an ice worm. But Mike's calling. No, there's a difference you have, Keith.
Tim Sackton: Sensory patches, skin and stomach acid from the iceworm and the skin and stomach acid are like
Tim Sackton: freezing cold and will melt if warmed up. So right now you're storing the stomach acid in on the skin in the
Mike Sackton: but also the stomach acid is in the skin. Right? It's in the skin. Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: but also ice worm scales.
Tim Sackton: It's yeah. You could take the teeth and sensory patches of the ice to if you wanted.
Tim Sackton: You also have the cold breath. Better sack scales a resistance, organ teeth and claws from the dragon, none of which needs to be refrigerated.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's just bring all that stuff. I would bring all the dragon stuff and all the ice worm stuff except the refrigerator stuff. Why not.
Teremo?
Mike Sackton: Although here's an interesting question.
Mike Sackton: That's a lot of money, presumably like, how much are they? We? We could pretend that we don't even that. We don't have enough money to front
Tim Sackton: 10% of our like. I mean, they must deal with this right like. But there's all kinds right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So wait in one sentence. We are. Where? Where are we from?
Mike Sackton: We can't pretend to be frogty, though I don't think we'll pass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we present somewhere from Poland?
Tim Sackton: Wellby and
Tim Sackton: and Kenzo can easily pass down with capacity? Try! We could pass as your guides that we linked up with you in the woods and took you hunting in our.
UU Church of Boulder: I like it. So we are. Riswin and Seeker are like expert
Eric Rosenbaum: monster hunters from the mountains.
Kate Sackton: Indiscriminate race! Kind of tallish.
Mike Sackton: Why? Why are we hesitant to be dwarfs?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, we're dwarfs from from the mountain. There's no reason not to be dwarfs. Yeah, that's what I was trying to say.
Kate Sackton: I thought, well.
Kate Sackton: we were trying not to draw attention, and nobody has seen a dwarf in like
Kate Sackton: 3 generations.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't like wanna conspicuous. I don't be weird.
Mike Sackton: I don't. I think we I think attention is critical.
UU Church of Boulder: There's not a way around it without magic, anyways. So.
Mike Sackton: and and what we need to do is not draw suspicion
Mike Sackton: right, which is different than not drawing attention. I think I think we want to draw attention. We want to be somebody that interesting people might wanna talk to right? We just fly under the radar and sell our stuff and leave will have accomplished nothing.
Mike Sackton: We can't fly under the radar. We won't learn any.
Kate Sackton: I would rather choose to become interesting when I want to be interesting and start out under the radar. That was my approach. But
Kate Sackton: I just if you don't think that we can pass as
Mike Sackton: I just think it's too risky. Right? I just think. if the watchers are something, everything that we learned about the watchers, the secret police is like they don't seem to care if you don't use magic.
Mike Sackton: right? So so we're not. Gonna
Mike Sackton: but but that doesn't mean that if all of a sudden they discovered you were pretending not to be a dwarf. They wouldn't get interested in a dangerous way quickly.
Mike Sackton: and then we'd have to use magic to escape. And then we're in trouble right?
Mike Sackton: We're super super weak without magic. You gotta remember that right? Like
Mike Sackton: without magic, we we are not a strong group of people except for well, be well.
Mike Sackton: well, via Kedzel actually could hold their own without magic. Right? I feel that I can like hit things. Yeah, I mean.
Mike Sackton: in general, we're not as nearly as strong as we have proven to be recently without our magic right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yes, so, Ed, can we just go ahead with the 3 Varga, the guides of 2 dwarven monster hunters. No, I think Della should be an elf.
Mike Sackton: Why Pass, what's the benefit
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't
Mike Sackton: like? You were clearly trying to look even more elven than usual. Yeah, I mean, Della was. I mean, I could disguise. But like Dallas was like, just be an elf.
UU Church of Boulder: Maybe that's a way into the society that we want. I mean, if we come in as this, we have these 3 top-tier monster hunters and their 2 guides, who brought them through the wilderness. We killed a dragon and ice worm with no sweat.
UU Church of Boulder: you know we're we're looking for a not just to kill the things we run into. But you know, for a bounty for a big deal, for you know something one of the societies would
UU Church of Boulder: send us out to get for them rather than just show up with.
Eric Rosenbaum: there you go. I like that a lot. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Umhm.
Mike Sackton: and that I think we could pull off right. I mean, is there any? Is there any implication that they are
Mike Sackton: that they don't like magic users, or just that they don't like magic users using magic in Ersk
Mike Sackton: like I wanna talk to one of these Varga Druids right like, do they feel like constantly like?
Mike Sackton: Do they feel scared to even let people know they can transform into things? Or is it like I've peace bonded my sword. I know I'm not gonna break, you know. You trust me not to break the law, so nobody cares that you are, in fact.
So
Tim Sackton:  It's not quite either one of those.
Tim Sackton: It seems like it's mostly about
Tim Sackton:  about
Tim Sackton: being in control of magic use. And Ersk.
Tim Sackton: right? It's not just that they don't want you to break the law. It's that
Tim Sackton: they are
Tim Sackton: nervous about first, for whatever reason nobody really knows. It's it's it's not, it's not that, it's it's not so much that it's like there's it's not like chartin right? Chart in
Tim Sackton: I mean. It's not analogous to chartin in many ways, but Chardin has laws against magic right? And has people who enforce the piece because there's a lot of magic users in chartered. And if
Tim Sackton: you don't uphold the law suddenly, everybody's gonna be throwing enchantments around. And there's huge problems.
Tim Sackton: This the vibe here is different. It's more
Tim Sackton: They don't want there to be any sorts of magical power in Ersk. That's not that.
Tim Sackton: That doesn't mean that they are.
Tim Sackton: If you are a magic user, and you are clearly like
Tim Sackton: coming into Ersk. Sell it, you know.
Tim Sackton: A monster hunter in particular. They went.
Tim Sackton: looked out. They wouldn't be upset. They were a magic user. They just wanna make sure they didn't.
Tim Sackton: They wouldn't want like when the when the
Tim Sackton: Druids Bargalt Druids come into the city like they try to. Mostly.
Tim Sackton: you know, stay in Erskine taverns and like
Tim Sackton: act like they're very outsiders, right? Like what the what the eyes would get. Upset about is the Druids started spending a lot of time talking to the Noah and being like.
Tim Sackton: maybe they're helping spread this religion. Maybe they're trying to establish some other magical
Mike Sackton: power base in the city. So.
Tim Sackton: and elf would actually be the more outsider you are, the more they still won't let you use magic. But the more outsider you are, and the less
Tim Sackton: they're seeing connected to
Tim Sackton: anybody local, the more open they would be to the idea that you would be a powerful magic dessert
Tim Sackton: elsewhere.
UU Church of Boulder: The sense of this, Tim. Is it fair to say that
UU Church of Boulder: it's not just about like social or political or power control?
UU Church of Boulder: There's almost a way in which magic use is their religion like is
UU Church of Boulder: is what they're wholly devoted to almost, and there's no other
UU Church of Boulder: like no other God. I mean, there's all sorts of crazy stories about like
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: the the the magical power that runs through Earth. And there's also stories like every
Tim Sackton: every third or fourth year. There's some like ancient dragon that attacks the country.
Tim Sackton: and there's 2 perspectives on this right, like the Erskine perspective is the only way we can.
Tim Sackton: It it is it is feels like, maybe the vibe is kind of like a religion, right? It's like
Tim Sackton: everybody sacrifices to boost up the power of these magical wizards. Who then kill the dragons? And this is the price that you pay for for their power, basically.
Tim Sackton: And the control isn't about social control like nobody cares. It's not a repressive
Tim Sackton: society. It's actually like, you know, there's
Tim Sackton: people taught like, nobody really cares about that. The control is really about magic
Kate Sackton: like you don't wanna mess up the net. The network like don't
Kate Sackton: through a kink. And this ends up being sometimes oppressive, because, like
Tim Sackton: there's a very strong in group out group sense, right? And they really like it's very much of an insular culture in the sense that there's the people who are part of them
Tim Sackton: protection.
Tim Sackton: and who contribute via this right?
Tim Sackton: And there's the people who are not, and there's like very strong like. If you don't contribute, we don't care about you.
Tim Sackton: Vibe.
UU Church of Boulder: right? And I'm imagining us sort of trading these wanderings around the campfire like there's a strangeness in that of that ancient white dragons keep showing up here every few years. Like if I'm an ancient white dragon.
UU Church of Boulder: I had the entire northern hemisphere to attack, to raid
UU Church of Boulder: like
Mike Sackton: they're so could be after something.
UU Church of Boulder: Maybe they're attracted to whatever
I think the story works well, though I think
Mike Sackton:  that
Mike Sackton: monster hunters. local guide.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's not even
Eric Rosenbaum: completely false. We're all monster hunters in way.
UU Church of Boulder: Correct. It's not the whole truth, but it's not untrue
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Kate Sackton: persuaded she takes shadow storm out. She takes off her stilts.
Mike Sackton: We're never going to convince anybody, anyway. Very good. Still, I put a lot of effort into those still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey, Tim? Oh, sorry! Just quick sidebar on the jade Kenza also. I didn't say this in my description, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, obviously he's been carrying around like one of the pieces of the jade, for you know most of his life. Then he picked up the you know he's he's got 2 actively right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: knowing that we're searching for the third. he spends a lot of time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just like energetically syncing to those 2 pieces of jade, and spends a lot of time just like kind of like almost in his mind, like visualizing the completed hand, and like really like like feeling like a little nip, like my new crevices and parts of the crack like where the other missing pieces are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he's really trying to hone in on all of that cause like what would be really fucking awesome is if we almost have like a little compass that was like, Oh, we're getting warmer. Feels like we're getting closer to it, you know. So so Kenza is like. It's like spending a lot of time trying to like lock into the energet or energetic signature of the of the completed hand with the goal like, can he sense it, you know. Can he sense it in any way like feel it, or touch it as he's getting closer? Because there also there must be some way in which the hand kind of wants to be a hand again, you know. Maybe you know
Eric Rosenbaum: it is unfortunately in the lid box, as far as we know. Yeah, yeah. Well, he's post magic. So he's just
Mike Sackton: I'm post magically, Kenzo's Kenzo. That's what he's doing. He's also spending energy I just noticed when in
Mike Sackton: Dallas, scrying Radamir's quote, unquote sister at business at the border.
Mike Sackton: Wonder if she we should be trying to find her?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: a potentially high risk strategy would be to take the Philosopher's Guild note. assume we know what it means and actually ask around about this guy we met
Mike Sackton:  right? We could just assume that
Mike Sackton: whoever this is the study is a.
Mike Sackton: We could take the assumption that he thought he. He found something in a forest as excuse to know who Radamer is and actually ask about it
Mike Sackton: just straight up.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a try.
UU Church of Boulder: is that
after
UU Church of Boulder: let's take, let's, I'll keep it in. Yeah, let's let's just get into the city. And
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, yeah, let's let's try.
Tim Sackton: So I mean, I still like the general, like.
Kate Sackton: we think, like trying to find out. People's
Mike Sackton: the presence of various yeah.
Kate Sackton: Tossing out a little bit of does the Brad? Yes, something isn't. Wasn't the Brad? Yes, something rather looking for poison this month, or something like
Kate Sackton: that sort of thing.
Tim Sackton: So as you
Tim Sackton: move into the evening with your plan and disguise prepared for the morning
Tim Sackton: before you go to bed. You think back on
Tim Sackton: the motley crew that you left behind 2 days ago
Tim Sackton: a frost giant
Tim Sackton:  who had taken, who has taken over the course of the couple of weeks to  sitting on the top deck, which is the only place he fits.
Tim Sackton:  leaning against the
Tim Sackton: I forget what the Baxter's stable, maybe
Tim Sackton:  and
Tim Sackton: just kind of
Tim Sackton: like. So it looks very funny. He's been writing notes. The book is like the size of a human.
Tim Sackton: and he's just scratching, scratching these notes in these pages, but he keeps getting frustrated and grabs a page, and he rips it up and he tosses it behind him, and Baxter's
Tim Sackton: stable is like filling up with these
Tim Sackton: ripped giant crumbled pages.
Tim Sackton:  He's also taken quite a fascination with the Orcs.
Tim Sackton: I go a news car
Tim Sackton: and keeps talking about the stories of the Orcs who
Tim Sackton: we're part of the
Tim Sackton: of them. Frost were who fought on vim frost side, but asking, Are there any
Tim Sackton: like what happened to them? And why didn't any of them fight for us?
Key
Tim Sackton: and news, car and all guard have begun pouring through
Tim Sackton: august histories to try and see if there are any
Tim Sackton: clues that there might be freed orgs hiding in the north somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Falterk has spent the entire 3 weeks practicing
Tim Sackton: like he is
Tim Sackton: completely happy that you are finally letting him fly the ship, and he promises that nothing will go wrong, and that he will entirely be trustworthy.
Tim Sackton: and that the ship will be safe.
Tim Sackton: and he's even learned how to use some of the weapons. So if anybody attacks, we'll be fine.
Tim Sackton: plus we have a frost giant. He's a bit of a coward, but Ketcha has been practicing
Tim Sackton: like flying
Tim Sackton: in like scouting in circles around the ship, and basically being like an artillery spotter like that air balloon. Whatever spotter to like direct where the where the frost
Tim Sackton: bicycle spears should go from a distance, even if the ship is protected by
Eric Rosenbaum: the ice shield. Oh, that's cool.
Tim Sackton:  Emma Chrissie, I mean they seem to end, and Yota has joined the crew. The Denarkai woman, who had
Tim Sackton: been living with Vargoldy for some time. and has taken over tending the Tauntie shrine that dealt with has made
Tim Sackton:  you know not the frustrating is not likely to stay
Tim Sackton: for long. He's not gonna leave the North when you depart. and he keeps talking about finding his sister somewhere. You have a padre also seems to be keen on this question.
Tim Sackton: Keep telling them like.
Tim Sackton: no, don't go hairing off on a wild goose chase, but he's spent a little bit too long
Tim Sackton: hanging out with you and watching you now
Tim Sackton: to know, to like trust, that you're serious about that.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: they wave goodbye to you. Any last instructions you want to give your crew
Eric Rosenbaum:  perfect
Eric Rosenbaum: Roman for Feldrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: listen. Just
Eric Rosenbaum: just play it. 6. Remember
Eric Rosenbaum: that what you're responsible for here
Eric Rosenbaum: is bigger than any of us. It's a
Eric Rosenbaum: ancients. unique artifact of the world of giants. It is not ours. We are just temporarily stewards
Eric Rosenbaum: of this beautiful ship. Also I'll be making detailed sketches of the entire exterior, so if there's so much as a Nick, or a scratch. You'll be accountable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got it?
Tim Sackton: He kind of laughs. I got it.
Tim Sackton: Don't worry. The ship will be safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have a way to be in touch. By the way, Tim.
Tim Sackton: razor and can cast sending.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's magic.
Mike Sackton: What about don't we have the sending stone? Should we leave one behind.
Tim Sackton: We need that 2 unconnected sending said, you've got one that's connected to the boy and charter in the chartering village, and one that's connected to serf.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
UU Church of Boulder: I think before we leave the ship, Baxter, you know we'll speak with or excuse me. Well, we'll speak with animals with Baxter.
UU Church of Boulder: you know and explain.
UU Church of Boulder: you know. Stay warm. You're in the North now. Nope, make sure you so
UU Church of Boulder: go down under all of your papers in your nest, and also, none of these people know what they're doing. So listen. You are in charge of paying attention for threats.
UU Church of Boulder: You need to be the one looking outside of the ship. Frost Giant. Not gonna help you. Dwarf barely knows where they are. All right. You are in charge of keeping all of them safe.
Tim Sackton: Nice fax to just kind of nods.
Eric Rosenbaum: Baxter in the ladder. Can we animate the latter? I only trust Baxter in the ladder out of the entire group. That's on the boat. My dwarfish apprentice is very, very responsible, but she's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not very farsighted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't trust them. Don't trust
Tim Sackton: yeah. The ladder only lasts for an hour, so it'll just turn into the ladder again. But Catcher is pretty. Ketra's pretty responsible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is it that intuitively, I trust, the unanimated ladder than, like the rest of our Baxter doesn't know that the unanimated ladder.
Tim Sackton: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tomorrow, Tamar, you trying to say that the crew is somehow a reflection of us and our leadership
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that feels unfair.
Tim Sackton: Which is why my apprentice is very responsible. Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the rest is a good point. That actually is a good point. Yeah. Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, it would be in our style to like, like, not let the really trustworthy person have be in charge, and like and trust things to like the pet of like, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: like the patent line.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's that's more our style.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think we got this squarely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Famous passwords
Tim Sackton: style the next morning
Tim Sackton: you head for the city.
Kate Sackton: Wait! Never mind.
Tim Sackton: no, friends.
Kate Sackton: no, I couldn't. I can't think of how to make it work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Receiving a sending isn't using magic. It's just receiving a sending.
Kate Sackton: But none of our people are magic users.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we have no way to get in touch then.
Tim Sackton: But, Frederick, does he have? Send him. Let me check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, he has a magical bird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Aldrich, like a seventh level.
Tim Sackton: Artificial.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he's the he's the most
Tim Sackton: experienced adventure of any of them.
Tim Sackton: but I don't know if our references get send in
Tim Sackton: wait. Who's the oh, foul drink? Oh, but he doesn't have those double spells yet
Tim Sackton: he needs to get denied to be kept by little spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: though he can't cast on them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, nobody is. Nobody's strong enough yet to be able to pass something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: ketchup could always fly over in desperate strengths. Ketcha or Baxter can fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought back to his flex. Probably get too cold.
Tim Sackton: No, Baxter can't fly. He's like an ostrich, which is like an ostrich.
Eric Rosenbaum:  but yeah, the Kinkoo can fly and can find us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something terrible has wrong. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. so
Tim Sackton: you had into town.
Tim Sackton: It's only a few miles.
Kate Sackton: Do we think it's worth having a very nice breakfast, and
maybe casting some
Kate Sackton: last minute buff spells before we're not allowed to use magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not unreasonable. I mean, we're gonna
Kate Sackton: we're not in theory. We're not gonna be doing any fighting, so we just shouldn't need to death Ward for anything, but
Kate Sackton: not going to use those spell slots for anything else. So
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say. can't hurt. But honestly. I don't know whether anybody could detect ongoing magic, and whether it it's really gonna be helpful.
Mike Sackton: What useful like other than death war. Do you have any other good buffs?
Kate Sackton: I'll hear his feast.
Mike Sackton: Isn't that cost cost a thousand old?
Kate Sackton: Oh, we're about to sell to a dragon in an ice that's worth well, more than a thousand gold.
Tim Sackton: You only have. Well, you have 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's just we'd be immune to being frightened or poisoned, or
Kate Sackton: you know, anybody was not on the up and up we'd be protected.
Kate Sackton: I'm sure everybody in this town is painfully honest and charming wouldn't at all try to frighten or poison strangers.
Eric Rosenbaum: and if anything like that happens to any of you, I'll bravely and mine not magically run away.
Tim Sackton: So in your disguises.
Tim Sackton: not really disguise it as your cover stories
Tim Sackton: to Varga Video.
Tim Sackton: 3 heroes of the monster hunting world.
Tim Sackton: You approach the the bridge.
Tim Sackton: It's early enough in the morning. Was not a lot of traffic. And it's let's say so. Today is April thirteenth. So it's a Monday
Tim Sackton: A year ago today you were
Tim Sackton: fighting Noel and Raven told.
Tim Sackton:  but there's not a ton of tropic. It's a pretty slow morning, the river is. You can see in a few places that the ice is beginning to thin, and it looks treacherous to walk across as you approach the bridge.
Tim Sackton: There's
Tim Sackton: 2 guards standing near the there's like a gatehouse on the on the far side of the
Tim Sackton: of the cat, where the
Tim Sackton: just, you know, there's like there's not even fields right like there's they don't really grow anything in the city.
Tim Sackton: at least not on the
Tim Sackton: on this bank of the cat, but it's it's a bit swampy and marshy, and so
Tim Sackton: the road. There's no road that the there's just the bridge and the gatehouse, and then just kind of a muddy field leading to the beginning of the forest.
Tim Sackton: and as you sort of emerge from the forest
Tim Sackton: there's currently nobody else on the bridge, nobody else. No, not much other traffic, and the 2
Tim Sackton: somewhat bored looking gate guards both, all broad shouldered men with wearing like heavy furs, cloaks pulled up against the morning chill, the cold, cloudy sort of misty day, with almost the, you know.
Tim Sackton: like, just just below freezing. So the mist is kind of almost a freezing rain. It's a bit uncomfortable to trudge through.
Tim Sackton: So you approach the 2 guards.
Tim Sackton: one of whom looks up and says in Erskine, and something that seems like business in town
Tim Sackton: kind of does a double take as he looks across at the Elf and the 2 dwarves, but it addresses the question to
Tim Sackton: Penzo and well-being.
Mike Sackton:  in Elvish. Our guides talk to them.
UU Church of Boulder: That kind of takes a slight step back just a few weeks ago.
UU Church of Boulder: What we says in Erskine
UU Church of Boulder: in in the accent of the area, he says, 2 of us gesturing over.
UU Church of Boulder: hooked up with these monster hunters, and we have dragon bits to sell.
UU Church of Boulder: and hopefully
UU Church of Boulder: a good price for him.
Tim Sackton: He kind of looks over at his
Tim Sackton: the other guard, who kind, who has been like slumped over, almost looks like he's asleep and kicks him and
looks up, but he says.
Tim Sackton: They have a quick conversation in Erskine which Kenzo understands because Kenzo understands all languages
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton:  He's like wow! They see him. Those
Tim Sackton: folks seem impressive. Been a long time since we've been dwarves in town, and is
Tim Sackton: that an Alph? At least, you know, before I'm I'm not
Tim Sackton: heard of an elfin town. anyway. They say they have monster parts. Get the scales any trudges to the back to like, because this is like a gatehouse. Right? So it's like a
Tim Sackton: motions you to come inside. Says an Erskine kind of rattling off.
Take out your goods. Let us see what you've got.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. My partner's gone to get the scales and papers.
UU Church of Boulder: Aye, aye.
UU Church of Boulder: well, besides, and for us to unload the goods and start hauling doubt, from backpacks, and so on.
Tim Sackton: He looks his like eyes kind of go wide as
he sees everything that you start to unload
Tim Sackton:  And the the other.
Tim Sackton: The other guard comes back with like this, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: a but a bunch of sheets of paper with like a wax steel, and like ink and pens and a bunch of scales and things, and just kind of does a double take and
thighs go wide.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: it's quite dah. You must be impressive.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. And it's 20% for each of us. I say, gesturing to Kenzo on whatever we make here.
UU Church of Boulder: we're lucky to hook up with this bunch.
Tim Sackton: Not bad. 15% for us, 20 for each of you. They're getting hardly anything off the sale.
UU Church of Boulder: They don't actually know that it's not hard to find dragons out there. He kind of laughs, chuckles at you.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's weigh it out. Begins to weigh out. Do you want to pay in coin or kind?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, it's got kind right
Tim Sackton: unless you're carrying. He's like slowly doing some math.
Tim Sackton: Hmm. 3,000 gold.
UU Church of Boulder: Tim is 15%. What we would be expected expecting to pay. Here are they? Are they doing? That's like totally
UU Church of Boulder: bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's significant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
UU Church of Boulder: lobby pantomimes checking his pockets and then gestures to the scales.
Tim Sackton: Do you mind if we just let's see I forget what you have now. You have like teeth and scales and
Tim Sackton: poison and
Tim Sackton: cheeks, or something
Tim Sackton: he like looks at the teeth. He weighs a couple of them.
Tim Sackton: Okay, if we just take this cutting the scales, it's too hard.
Tim Sackton: Think that's a fair price
UU Church of Boulder: fair enough. Say, do you know that where this bunch is from
UU Church of Boulder: they're used to people commissioning them to go out?
UU Church of Boulder: Go hunting, and I try for the last week to explain to them. That is not how it works here, but
UU Church of Boulder: have to at least tell them that I asked about this.
Tim Sackton: Make a persuasion check
Eric Rosenbaum: nice while we have to give one.
Kate Sackton: Umhm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, that's pretty good. I guess I can't use inspiration in this situation.
Tim Sackton: Inspiration isn't casting a spell. Inspiration is just like you're sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: it would look like
Tim Sackton: He he looks. He looks at you, and he says, Ha!
Tim Sackton: It's kind of buying another dragon to might have a hookup.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, they don't know tighter's feet,
UU Church of Boulder: No, Reynolds speakers, and we get a finder's fee. You get a finder's feet.
UU Church of Boulder: Everybody wins worst scenario their bodies live in. The wastes
Mike Sackton: deal with will say, this is, this is all in our skin, right? Okay, I assume we can follow it relatively. Dell with will say in
Mike Sackton: done mari good job. Well, but bad like like Grump, roughly. Good job. Well, be.
Mike Sackton: you know. Keep keep them. Keep keep asking these questions.
Mike Sackton: Well, nice to see you standing in for nice to have somebody else do the talking for a change.
Tim Sackton:
Tim Sackton: He says.
Tim Sackton: Got you might
Tim Sackton: he like slides. The the third dragon tooth over, explains, and like waves his hand, and is like points to the markers, to the dwarves and the OP. Like packs, like packs.
Tim Sackton: You pay tax, and then you sell. He's like gesture with them.
Tim Sackton:  and his partner's like weighing everything out and writing out these sheets with stamps of the exact
Tim Sackton: like, wait that you
Tim Sackton: that you brought in, and that you're allowed to sell. And he's asking like, is there anything else? This everything there's like a big lock, you see. Now, there's like a big locked chest in the
Tim Sackton: in the
Tim Sackton: yeah, actually, it's not even. It's a big stone chest that has no obvious way to open that and it takes the the seal, and he presses it against the side of his chest, and a seam opens up in the stone, and he lifts it out, and he puts everything in.
Tim Sackton: and he closes again and presses the seal against it, he presses the seal against it.
Tim Sackton: This, almost like emerging out of the stone. Is this like wax signal that he then presses on on each of your. It's almost like it's an ink pad, that of wax coming from that. But only 2 of the 3 dragon claws go in that
Tim Sackton:  in that.
Tim Sackton: and he and the the guy who's been talking to you says
Tim Sackton: You might speak with
Tim Sackton: Lena Saara. Kima.
Tim Sackton: He's one of the watchers. But but don't let that put you off.
Tim Sackton: She's fair.
Tim Sackton: she's
Tim Sackton:  quite strong.
Tim Sackton: And as connections to
Tim Sackton: 3 of the Rodnia who are often asking
Tim Sackton: for
Tim Sackton: well, I don't rightly know what they might be asking for, but.  if anyone in town would know
Tim Sackton: what would get you. Truly a good price.
Tim Sackton: Secret dangers might be lurking, that some powerful wizard, once dead.
Tim Sackton: it would be hers. If you have no objections to speaking with. The watchers.
UU Church of Boulder: Know not all of your kind like them. Mmm. Will be shrouded non-committally. We have a finder's fee, and you have a finder's fee. What what will it take to convince her?
UU Church of Boulder: Or is the service. He kind of laughs again, sort of cheerfully. He seems like he's enjoying this conversation.
Tim Sackton: I've I've never met her.
Tim Sackton: You'll if you want to know what she wants. Oh.
Tim Sackton: you know she has a reputation. I get all my news from.
Tim Sackton:  Sorry I have a huge list of names. I'm trying to find a good one.
Tim Sackton: I get all my news from from Roman.
Tim Sackton: you know, when
Tim Sackton: when a nice treat like this comes in, and I can afford to go to his his bar.
Tim Sackton: you know the says something in Erskine, but it would translate roughly as the silver wolf.
Tim Sackton: You know, when you.
Tim Sackton: the Silver Wolf is one of the classiest establishments in town. Few foreigners, but I think these 3 don't fit in
Tim Sackton: actually
UU Church of Boulder: oops.
Tim Sackton: If you don't mind drawing a little attention.
UU Church of Boulder: No, not at all that
UU Church of Boulder: the longer conversation goes on, the more dragon teeth. I need to hold on to
Tim Sackton: tell tell Roman that. That you're a friend of Fayadars.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will say again in Dunmari.
Mike Sackton: ask them again, like like in the tone of like I don't know, asking a question of a servant or something. But
Mike Sackton: ask him where we find this person.
Mike Sackton: if he knows at least, can we just walk into the main
Mike Sackton: watch or spire?
Mike Sackton: What is? What's the next? We didn't want to go through Roman.
Mike Sackton: What's the next? How would we find her?
UU Church of Boulder: But.
UU Church of Boulder: pardon, my friend, he does not understand how commerce works.  but can I ask if Roman
UU Church of Boulder: isn't there? Can help? Ho! How do we get in touch with the with the watcher?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With Lena.
Aside from. I won't even make that joke, please.
Tim Sackton: I guess you could always just write a letter.
UU Church of Boulder: and presumably he shares details of like where to bring that letter, or Oh, yeah, to the watchers. Fire.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's huge. It dominates the skyline like it's easy to send to. You. Just can't like.
Tim Sackton: or you could stop by and like ask for her, but they won't let you in without, you know, an invitation.
UU Church of Boulder: Very good.
UU Church of Boulder: But
UU Church of Boulder: Welby will look around as A and
UU Church of Boulder: speaking and dwarvish, I guess. Sort of update on what's going on in the guise of
UU Church of Boulder: Here's what's happening. Is there anything else we need to ask before we get in
Eric Rosenbaum:  market schedule.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah. Sure. When? When is the market open?
Tim Sackton:  Well, every day. But if you want to sell this stuff? I'd wait till Wednesday, the fifteenth.
Tim Sackton: Wednesdays and Saturdays are the
Tim Sackton:  most
Tim Sackton:  provenance for
Tim Sackton: for this kind of hall.
Tim Sackton: You got a couple days in town. But
UU Church of Boulder: well. any notable buyers in town should we ask if there's like
Kate Sackton: representing anybody?
Mike Sackton: You have a good relationship with them? Ask who how we'd get the best price.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, if
Mike Sackton: play it is, if I can get a better price on the down low, these fools won't have to know I got a better price.
UU Church of Boulder: That's a grinning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know from
UU Church of Boulder: other people have been doing this like our prices standardized? I mean the
UU Church of Boulder: the fact that he confirmed it to gold that easily.
Tim Sackton: I mean prices are standardized in the sense that the that the
Tim Sackton: Gar. You know, there's a sort of standard price that guards charge for tax, but that doesn't necessarily relate to what you can sell it for. And most ergali trade
Tim Sackton: in kind, not in coins.
UU Church of Boulder: That was the question. So where? Who on Wednesday? Who can give me the best price for this, do you think? Where should I start?
Tim Sackton: So II don't know who will be here. I
Tim Sackton: honestly, I
Tim Sackton: he looks. He looks at the extra
Tim Sackton: yeah. dragon scouts.
Tim Sackton: Baxter got into this when I've got some something special like this. I got a Roman and I pay off my tab.
UU Church of Boulder: Maybe. Good.
UU Church of Boulder: Thank you. We'll see you on the way out again, maybe.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he
Tim Sackton: hands you each like your visa that stamped and sealed with this sort of weirdly magical inklifts and or magical whack that seems to be just like it almost looks like it's grown into the paper like you could not remove it without destroying the paper.
Tim Sackton: and it's marked with the date and the date you entered, and you know the 10 day
Tim Sackton: permission to stay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Keep those on you.
Tim Sackton: The watcher asks
Tim Sackton: so. You must know the drill by now, but remind your your fellows
Tim Sackton: don't travel without that.
Tim Sackton: Would like to see you tossed in.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: I don't know rightly what they do with people. They never come back. Anyway. I would like to see that happen to you just for forgetting to carry. Write a piece of paper. and here's your there were guns.
Tim Sackton: Remember to hold on to that, because you can't sell anything not marked on there. If you lose it, they won't be getting any money for these things.
UU Church of Boulder: Very good.
UU Church of Boulder: Bobby tucks it away
UU Church of Boulder: safely.
We head in.
Tim Sackton: enjoys Irwinca.
Tim Sackton: So as you enter again, it's still pretty quiet. It's like a cold, dreary morning. There's not a lot of
Tim Sackton: of people about yet.
Tim Sackton: There's like the main thoroughfare that leads. That's a wide thoroughfare that leads up to this like up the hill, like gently sloping up to this watcher tower.
Tim Sackton: What you aspire? Which is this huge towering building with like?
Tim Sackton: It's not just a single tower. It's like almost like a cathedral.
Tim Sackton: like many spires rising up kinda like. Not exactly like this thing in the in the image, but kinda like that.
Tim Sackton: and you know, right by the gate there seems to be some, you know. There's a couple of caverns and inns like.
Tim Sackton: clearly this town does cater to travelers right? And everything is like nothing's. There's no written signs. Everything's just like a, you know, like a a
Tim Sackton: pint of ale, or like a bed, or you know, a  chicken, or something, or a or a anvil like everything. Sort of
Tim Sackton: you get the sense like, now that you're here that
Tim Sackton: there is a bit of you know.
Tim Sackton: we're used to dealing with people who are outsiders and don't speak the language, and like people are sort of adapted to that, and ready to deal with that. But you're standing here.
Tim Sackton: you know the market is
Tim Sackton: will be open probably shortly, but on Mondays
Tim Sackton: much more, you know. The big people who might buy dragon scales and things like that will be there.
Tim Sackton: There is a like cluster of inns and taverns around the the market, and he also gave you directions to Romans in. If you wanna go there. Romans.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just as a side note
Mike Sackton: to support our ruse.
Mike Sackton: I'm suggesting we took out of our bag of infinite money that actually only has about 100,000 gold in it or not even quite
Mike Sackton: maybe
Mike Sackton: a couple of 100 to a thousand gold coins and a couple of 100 to 1,000 elvin coins, so that we can spend only gold and elvish money
UU Church of Boulder: while we're here. Smart Yup.
Mike Sackton: but probably we want to have about 3 to 5,000 gold on hand. I mean, we probably we obviously could have paid the tax.
Tim Sackton: Alright, bye.
Mike Sackton: not that we should.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton:  just cause if we need, if we need coin. I'm looking at our thing. It looks like we have 5,000
Mike Sackton: golden elephant coins and 7,000 gold and dwarven coins.
Mike Sackton: So if we took half of that total as pocket money.
Mike Sackton: that's a lot of money.
Mike Sackton: and we can't really unfold our
Tim Sackton: right? I mean, we can right it. We wouldn't technically be casting any spell. I'm sure we could. If we were in a private room or something like that, I wouldn't.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you could in a private room, doing it on the street would probably be a poor choice.
Mike Sackton: so I think we should go. I'll
Mike Sackton: generally talking, I guess. I think, in Denmar you should pro. We probably are used to talking in Denmark, anyway. That's probably our main party language.
Mike Sackton:  but
Mike Sackton: I think we should go to Romans.
UU Church of Boulder: Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Get rooms.
Mike Sackton: check out the scene, and then broach the guy and
Mike Sackton: see what he knows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay. So you walk to the streets, and you know it's maybe
Tim Sackton: 8 30. Now you're past the the vernal equinox. So it's not
Tim Sackton: particularly dark, like. The days are getting much longer now.
Tim Sackton:  And as the sun rises higher in the sky the mist begins to burn off a little bit, and
Tim Sackton: you know the streets start to come to life a little bit more.
Tim Sackton:  you know people starting to open up their
Tim Sackton: shops, and.
Tim Sackton: you know, bring out
Tim Sackton: wrinkled apples and
Tim Sackton: potatoes, and various other foodstuff and things for sale, and and you there begins to be some life on the street.
Tim Sackton: and it's actually fairly colorful, like people tend to wear furs. Yes, but
Tim Sackton:  You actually see a non-trivial amount of Tolen red, like bright dyes brightly dyed cloaks over
Tim Sackton: you know, like winter furs seem to be popular.
Tim Sackton: at least among the Erskine.
Tim Sackton: the the.
Tim Sackton: you know. Occasionally you will see another as as the streets start to come to life, you will, you know there are a few other vulgar Ali that you see here, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, traders or or or merchants, nobody that you know, or that you've been introduced to. They tend to stick to the animal cloaks like very distinctive, very differently distinctive dress, like
Tim Sackton: really animal furs versus like
Tim Sackton: fur line brightly colored cloaks.
Tim Sackton:  So as you walk through the street,
Tim Sackton: past the market.
Tim Sackton: Romans. The the silver wolf in that that Roman runs is
Tim Sackton: is just beyond the market.
Tim Sackton: The higher the further you go away from the river. The the nicer the city gets so right when you enter right at the gate that you know that's like the
Tim Sackton: the Noya slums. Right? That's the the
Tim Sackton: houses are dilapidated, it floods the river floods sometimes, and so there's a big, wide street that runs along the river, but
Tim Sackton: but even so, like when the spring snow melt happens like the river will often flood, and and people's houses just flood, and it sucks. So the higher up you get the
Tim Sackton: the nicer the houses get, and Romans. The silver wolf is
Tim Sackton: just about at the height of land, like kind of overlooking the market, maybe
Tim Sackton: 500 yards away, but up towards not too far from the watchers. Spire actually
Tim Sackton: seems quiet as you enter.
Tim Sackton: It's it looks nice, I mean, it's
Tim Sackton:  It's
Tim Sackton: everything's like lined with furs. It's warm.
Tim Sackton: You realize how cold you've been when you step into this warm.
Tim Sackton: heated rum.
Tim Sackton: There's a big roaring fire.
Tim Sackton: There's a smell of some
Tim Sackton: unusual beverage that you haven't. Well, I guess maybe you would have. It's it smells like some kind of spiced tea.  nothing that you've encountered before. Wellby might recognize it actually from
Tim Sackton: from when you were sailing on the eastern green sea. Perhaps some of the half lands on the ship you sailed in head. Erskine tea
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: fresh baked bread and as you, there's only like 3 people
Tim Sackton: here.
Tim Sackton: and it seems it's not really a tavern right? This isn't a place where people go to to drink. It's like a it's almost like a fancy restaurant at a at an inn.
Tim Sackton: Whoever is is tending the bar for breakfast is not roaming based on the description that that the guard gave you.
Tim Sackton: but looks often if you want to get rooms. You can easily get rooms. You have plenty of coin to splash around.
Tim Sackton: and I don't know. So what what do you wanna do? Just like. tell Roman that you're looking for him and have breakfast, or what's your what's your
Mike Sackton: yeah, II would say that I mean we should come in. And you know we've heard this is the nicest establishment in the city, and
Mike Sackton: my guests here looking for some food, and have heard Roman
Mike Sackton: might be interested in talking.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. And I'll you know, repeating also the same
UU Church of Boulder: about my role in Kenzos, you know, that were guides for these sort of fancy treasure hunters and bounty hunters who
Tim Sackton: wanted to cross the North Hunting Dragon. So on, and I mean Della will just obviously overpay for everything, too. Right? So you give them like 20 gold for your rooms, like 2 gold a night per run for 10 days. So
Tim Sackton: that's like.
Tim Sackton: if you get one room for the guides, and then every person, each of you gets a room right? So like
Tim Sackton: 80 gold or something for
Tim Sackton: That includes breakfast every morning. It's like a bed and breakfast right? That includes breakfast, but not lunch or dinner, and he says, you know, he's you know they have
Tim Sackton: plenty of space. Gets you settled.
Tim Sackton: Romans, usually in around lunchtime. happy to hang out and have tea and breakfast while you wait.
Mike Sackton: I think we just wait for him. What? Yeah, I mean not keep a close eye on the room, you know. Does anybody come in?
Mike Sackton: Find a excuse to, you know, order more food at some point and overt whoever it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, while we unpack in our room.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just
Eric Rosenbaum: try to see if there's a view out the window of the Watcher's tower, and just kind of just glance up at it.
Eric Rosenbaum: See if there's any movement up there. Yeah, you got 4 weapons up there.
Tim Sackton: 2 of them look. The the nice rooms are the ones that look out over the market, and the whole vista the city below.
Tim Sackton: So the 3 of you got the nice rooms, and then the guides get the like back room with a small window that looks up to the watchers tower.
Tim Sackton: But you can
Eric Rosenbaum: look. I'll poke around up there.
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: there's nothing obviously magical about it from the outside. It's made of the same dark stone as the walls.
Tim Sackton:  but otherwise
Tim Sackton: I don't know, unless there's anything specific you're trying to ascertain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, like, how do they watch? Are there windows, or
Eric Rosenbaum: are there people?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, there's windows. But it's not like. There's not like the eye of sorrow on the top, or something just
Tim Sackton: looking around right? It's it doesn't seem like they like. It's not like they're standing in a viewing platform and watching necessarily from the tower. There.
Tim Sackton:  They're
Tim Sackton: I mean they patrol right like you've seen a few
Tim Sackton: like when you were crossing to the marketplace. There was a you know. There's a
Tim Sackton: person, and dressed in this lake. you know.
Tim Sackton: silvery gray cloak and like fancy hat like warm furry hat, but that like sticks up a little bit. With this thick chain around their around their neck, with this like
Tim Sackton: symbol of a of an eye who's obviously watching like they? They don't.
Tim Sackton: They seem like they just patrol and then rely on people to alert them. If  if there's trouble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: although
Kate Sackton: you could see you were. But they're like uniformed.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Well, some of them are
Tim Sackton: okay. So
Tim Sackton: hanging out in the inn, I mean, a few people come and go right like there's there's other.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is, this is a nice place, and you get the sense that.
Tim Sackton: like a lot of the Erskine merchants who who come into
Tim Sackton: you know the the fancy merchants from the South who come to buy the stuff you have to sell might stay here, and a lot of them will get in tomorrow for the Wednesday market. So it's fairly empty right now.
Tim Sackton: you draw attention like a few people go out.
Tim Sackton: Few more people come in like people are always glancing over at you, and kind of
Tim Sackton: varyingly, subtly, and not subtly staring. It seems likely that news of like
Tim Sackton: 3 monster hunters and Alpha, 2 dwarves
Tim Sackton: in the city is is beginning to spread like it seems hard to avoid that.
Tim Sackton: So breakfast passes, you hang out, you sort of talk, you chat and
Tim Sackton: play up your roles
Tim Sackton: around lunchtime. Deleth will occasionally, you know.
Mike Sackton: talk in elvish to some of the
Mike Sackton: people staring or not in a unfriendly way, but just in sort of a
Mike Sackton: hottie type. Not even really Hottie, necessarily, but maybe a little hottie play up off Kenza's worst stereotypes.
Mike Sackton:
Mike Sackton: And occasionally, like, you know.
Mike Sackton:  say something like.
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: Just try and make a little bit more. Just be a little bit noticeable
like.
Mike Sackton: maybe maybe take out a sword at 1 point, unless that seems like people would freak out.
Mike Sackton: But just to like, ask, you know. Ask if was he
Mike Sackton: actually get Wellbe to ask if it's if it's okay to clean his sword here before he does anything?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The the
Tim Sackton: the woman who's tending bar is not too bothered by this like
Mike Sackton: like he'll take out his sorry. He's probably never actually clean to start before, because it seems to always come back clean when he tosses it into this magical other dimension.
Mike Sackton: But you know, he'll like look over. I mean, it's actually kind of obviously a magical sword, right like it's elvish and carved with these glow silver, you know.
Mike Sackton: But he'll spend a little time polishing it, and like that kind of
Kate Sackton: and speak dwarfish to seeker and
Kate Sackton: say, Hey.
Kate Sackton: poor Dell, with no one to talk to. So he talks to his sword.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: least that makes one friend.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, also me, I didn't say he had no friends. I said he had no elves.
Tim Sackton: So anyway, Tim, you were gonna pick up the story.
Tim Sackton: So around just before lunch. You see this older, like silver haired gentleman, clearly wearing well tailored, well dyed clothes.
Tim Sackton: You know a mix of sort of. He seems to favor cooler colors. It's like blues and and sort of subtle silver trim.
Tim Sackton: Take
Tim Sackton: coat like fur lined cloak wrapped around as he comes in and throws it off as he
Tim Sackton:  cause. He enters and and goes to talk to the barkeep, who like sort of
Tim Sackton: she chats with him for a bit and and points over to you.
Tim Sackton:  And I. So I assume you name dropped the guard. Who told you to come here when you were talking. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: he walks over and he walks over, and he's, you know.
Tim Sackton: as he's approaching, like, you know, you're all especially Kenzo is like pretty well attuned to reading people's attitudes. And
Tim Sackton:  you know, this is clearly like
Tim Sackton:  He is wealthy, and he knows that.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: likes other people to know it, too, like you can see from the way he dresses he's got like 4 silver rings, each set with a different gemstone on his hands as he approaches. Fingernails are like perfectly manicured.
Tim Sackton: probably gets his hair cut every day like  and he walks off
Tim Sackton: any
Tim Sackton: He sort of looks around and says in first he he asks.
Tim Sackton: Wellbe and
Tim Sackton: and Kenza, who are playing the role of the guys.
Tim Sackton:  Do they speak in Erskine? Do they speak
Tim Sackton: Oestros, perhaps, or
Tim Sackton: no?
UU Church of Boulder: I answer in Easter. No.
UU Church of Boulder: only me, I think common
Tim Sackton: that's would be Western right is the
UU Church of Boulder: which request me on that.
Tim Sackton: How about?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, thank you for translating.
Tim Sackton: He turns to the 3 of them, and he and he sort of buzz, and he says it, still speaking in in east jars,
Tim Sackton: welcoming
Tim Sackton: to the silver wall. It is
Tim Sackton: a great pleasure to have such distinguished guests in my establishment.
Tim Sackton: I hope that you will grace the room
Tim Sackton: with your presence for dinner tonight
Tim Sackton: on the house. Of course
Mike Sackton: Deleth will say back in Elvish.
Mike Sackton: no, no, wait. Well, he doesn't speak elfish to you. Okay, fine in in in Dunmari. That, of course, we would be happy to
Mike Sackton: attend.
Mike Sackton: I'd be honored to try your regional cuisine.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you could serve something interesting and exotic.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay? Well, he says all of that, and adds,
UU Church of Boulder: the elf has a very refined palette.
UU Church of Boulder: He appreciates being challenged.
Tim Sackton: You have
Tim Sackton: come to the right place.
Tim Sackton: and I hear that you are carrying
Tim Sackton: well quite some valuable goods as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: I could sell them for you if you don't want to
Tim Sackton: deal with the market yourself. Just just an offer. No obligation.
It's a kind offer.
UU Church of Boulder: Here's here's the real thing.
UU Church of Boulder: you know, when the hair dust
UU Church of Boulder: to bring them here. What they're used to and expect is to be hired out, to be given
UU Church of Boulder: bounty to be told what they're seeking, and then to go after it. Not just
UU Church of Boulder: the goods we carry are what we happen to run into on the way here. but I wonder. and it might be worth a great deal to them if you could help put us in touch, and I'll
UU Church of Boulder: drop, I'll say you know the name of the
watcher in the Tower who so and so the guard told us.
UU Church of Boulder: might be able to connect us with just those sort of people seeking.
UU Church of Boulder: seeking particular items. That conversation is worth a great deal to them.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: I do know many people in this town. You come to the right place. If you're looking for connections and contacts.
Tim Sackton: He looks over at
Tim Sackton: the dwarves.
Tim Sackton: Joe is
Tim Sackton: heard rumors of the renowned skill of Dwarven Smith's. Is that
Tim Sackton: true?
Indeed it is, and I'll translate that to the dwarves for the 2 of your sake, and be like I'm talking you up right now.
UU Church of Boulder: Pull me back if you can't do this
Kate Sackton: there is.
Tim Sackton: hmm!
Tim Sackton: I've always wanted a silver wolf to grace my end.
Tim Sackton: I just have a sign now, but it's made of wood and painted.
Tim Sackton: I've never found anyone who could quite get the likeness
Tim Sackton: a lifelike wolf of silver
Tim Sackton: that would draw crowds.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean.
Tim Sackton: that is something that one of your travelers could make. There is.
Tim Sackton: There's a lot of doors that could be open for you.
Oh.
UU Church of Boulder: translate that to dwarfish. What do you use
UU Church of Boulder: without magic?
Eric Rosenbaum: We huddle for a second. I mean, I could car something out of stone. Could you?
Kate Sackton: cast it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Cast it in.
Norton?
Eric Rosenbaum: I could I mean you.
Kate Sackton: You do have artistic talent. I'm quite practically capable.
Eric Rosenbaum: but haven't
Kate Sackton: got the okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps it'd be great that you have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps Kenzos would be the one to carve something in in wax for for a casting.
Kate Sackton: Hmm!
UU Church of Boulder: Or is this something to take back to the ship?
Eric Rosenbaum: We could, we could certainly return to something.
Kate Sackton: Would that make him nervous.
Kate Sackton: I mean, are there forges here we could use like, I mean, we can't exactly say we're going to use or forge
Kate Sackton: like out in the forest.
Kate Sackton: So maybe we better ask to use the forge here just because feel a lot. Otherwise
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd like to ask him about the symbol of the wolf.
Kate Sackton: I like the idea of
Kate Sackton: accessing a forge and interacting with more people
Eric Rosenbaum: for the project.
Kate Sackton: I think. Pull it off. Come on, you guys are artistic, and I can make stuff happen with metal.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll turn back to him and translate again and say,
UU Church of Boulder: you can see they've already started working out how to do it. Exactly.
UU Church of Boulder:  seeker asks what the symbolism is. What is the wolf to you?
Tim Sackton: Is that important for the task?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, of course
UU Church of Boulder: you don't know how the artist seeks to capture, not just the likeness of the thing, but the meaning inside of that likeness
UU Church of Boulder: I see, I see. Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: I said. Well.
Kate Sackton: hmm!
Tim Sackton: He he like
Tim Sackton: fixes his hair. The silver wolf
Tim Sackton: is the most majestic and powerful of the pack.
Tim Sackton: and when I acquired this building I like to think
Tim Sackton: well, perhaps there is something of that in me, and he like pulls his like flicks his, you know, underneath, and pulled off the like
Tim Sackton: having fur cloak, but he's got this like shorter cape that he kind of pulls around him, and you can see this like
Tim Sackton: silver threads through it. Silver has always been a
Tim Sackton: attractive color on me, don't you think?
Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm! So
Kate Sackton: Brisbane bats are high at him a bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: The no legend of the Wolf Queen. Something else strange.
Tim Sackton: so can you do it.
Tim Sackton: If you need a forge or
Tim Sackton: such things, I would think
Tim Sackton: you don't carry a forge with you that can certainly be arranged.
Tim Sackton: There are metalworkers in town, some agreed. have some skill, but but not dwarven skill.
Tim Sackton: and there would be no one else who could say that their inn is marked by dwarven metalsmath.
UU Church of Boulder: indeed, indeed!
Eric Rosenbaum: And we have a few days until the market day.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's he offering in exchange for this
UU Church of Boulder: access?
Tim Sackton: He said, many doors could be opened to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: we get to meet all the rod. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Tetris.
UU Church of Boulder:  While asking is is this a thing you can do.
UU Church of Boulder: Can we do this between us?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean. I don't doubt we could do something.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see. perhaps I'm really, ultimately a stoneworker personally. But you've got like jewelers, tools, proficiency, glassblowers, tools, proficiency.
Tim Sackton: Risen's got mason's tools, proficiency and Smith's or smith's tools, and you've got mason's. Tools. You have all the tool proficiency between you
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds like something that you should be able to do.
Kate Sackton: I can make weapons and armor, and I never make them plain right like it's morbid.
Kate Sackton: We'll we'll do the same.
UU Church of Boulder: They say that they can do it.
UU Church of Boulder: but they don't want the secrets of dwarven metal smithing to be steamed by anyone else can we have? Can they have
UU Church of Boulder: use of the smith unobserved and perturbed?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice?
Tim Sackton: Well, that is understandable. Make a actually make a presentation.
UU Church of Boulder: or maybe
Tim Sackton: I guess it's the same for you.
Mike Sackton: Oh, good job!
UU Church of Boulder: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Robbie is really pulling it off.
Tim Sackton: of course I understand. II would not want their secrets revealed either for others could maybe then copy the work.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm, hmm!
Tim Sackton: I can hire some guards.
Tim Sackton: and surely
Tim Sackton: whoever owns the forge will be willing to
Tim Sackton: depart for some time in exchange for some
Tim Sackton: small tokens of my appreciation. I first see no problem there. I will take care of that.
Tim Sackton: Would you be ready to begin as soon as tomorrow.
UU Church of Boulder: indeed.
Kate Sackton: sounds like a great way to pass the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: then we are agreed, and he sort of claps his hands together. I am overjoyed to welcome you to our city.
Tim Sackton: Please enjoy yourselves. Dinner is on me, as I said.
Tim Sackton: I hope to see a full house tonight.
Tim Sackton: In the meantime, if there's anything I can do for you, do not hesitate to ask, and once
Tim Sackton: the wolf is in place, well.
Tim Sackton: you just let me know what meetings you need arranged.
UU Church of Boulder: Very good.
Tim Sackton: and he goes off to like handle in business.
Mike Sackton: So anything we want to see in town should we just hang out.
Mike Sackton: probably worth walking around town a bit, right? Just getting the vibe walk over to the market and see.
UU Church of Boulder: okay.
Tim Sackton: so yeah, you spend the afternoon kind of walking around just checking it out.
Tim Sackton: you know you draw comment right? You're not
Tim Sackton: It's not a
Tim Sackton: you're not.
Tim Sackton: You're not like passing unnoticed right? And and rumors are starting to spread. And people see you coming out of the silver wolf. And and Roman obviously is gonna spread the word, and use your presence to fill up his dining room for the night.
Tim Sackton: But you still start to get a bit of a of a sense of the place a little bit more than than you know, as the city begins to come to life as it warms up.  you know it's it's
Tim Sackton: mostly people seem sort of.
Tim Sackton: We're not exactly friendly, but certainly happy to take your money, and and also like as rumors start to spread like.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: a few people will will look and point at you and be like, oh, the monster hunters! Right like there's a certain like cachet that comes with having that reputation.
Tim Sackton:  you start to notice more of the of the Noah around town. They tend to live on the lower slopes that it's hard, for they tend not to
Tim Sackton: you know, be wealthy or prominent in the trading families. It's clear that this is a pretty class, stratified city.
Tim Sackton: and physically stratified city as well like, you know.
Tim Sackton: there's a strong gradient and desirability as you go
Tim Sackton: up the slope from the sort of marshy fens. and there are definitely like pretty, wealthy people here, it seems, mostly
Tim Sackton: prayed like.
Tim Sackton: and not not even so much necessarily.
Tim Sackton:  The actual merchants themselves. But the just the people who are connected with the trade. Like
Tim Sackton:  People like Roman, who sort of are fixers and innkeepers, and like, you know.
Tim Sackton: but also people who like.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: there's a there's like a pretty good size, like middle class of like the of, like the tradesmen who.
Tim Sackton: you know, smiths and things like that, who make things that are that are exchanged for
Tim Sackton: you know these these monster parts.
Tim Sackton: but it's not like there's not a it's not an agricultural city like. There's no farmers to all the food books actually pretty other than the like salted meats and stuff. Everything's preserved and dried. April is a pretty bad time of year for
Tim Sackton: stalks, because it's been a long time since anything's thrown, and so it's all salted fish, salted meat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brian
Tim Sackton: apples, wrinkled potatoes, like, you know.
Tim Sackton:  And there was definitely an understory like, there's a lot of every now and then you'll see people sort of glancing up at the sky nervously. And you know, once once there'll be like a
Tim Sackton: group of like pigeons on a roof, and I'll take off at once and and make that sort of looshing side of the wings, and 5 or 6 people turn and and glance, and then like relax for a second when they realize it's pigeons. There's that like little undercurrent of fear that you pick up on as you walk around.
Eric Rosenbaum: fear of the watchers, or fear of like dragons like dragons.
Eric Rosenbaum: libraries, universities.
Tim Sackton: There is an archives in the watchers spire. There are not like universities. There's not any sort of public information.
Tim Sackton: There's a lot of shops that they all seem to be, you know, like blacksmith, for your you know, grocers.
Tim Sackton: butchers.
Tim Sackton: it's not. It doesn't strike like the vibe is really different than toll, and it's not an intellectual town. It's not like.
Tim Sackton: There's not like a Scribe street where there's booksellers and things. There's no map makers in town. There's no like.
Tim Sackton: Then you do. You know, as you walk through, you do twice in the afternoon, get
Tim Sackton: just briefly stopped by a watcher asked who asked for your papers. So it does seem like there is some.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: eventually like, if you know, even though news must have spread and everybody probably recognizes, they still stop and ask you for your purpose.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. okay.
Tim Sackton: And they do also occasionally. Just stop random people on the street that you see and like ask.
Tim Sackton: And your people will show them.
Tim Sackton: It actually looks like people are showing like little tattoo, like small tattoos on their wrists. If they don't have papers.
Tim Sackton: you're not entirely sure.
Mike Sackton: Do they ever stop the no, no, yeah, no. no, nova. And who show them what
Tim Sackton: papers or or tattoos?
Tim Sackton: But it's hard. It's hard to tell exactly like I mean, unless you want to spend the afternoon tailing the watchers.
Tim Sackton: This is just sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know, while you're kind of walking around.
Eric Rosenbaum: People who've had the right probably have the tattoo.
Mike Sackton: That's what I was doing.
Mike Sackton: I was just curious with the people who haven't had the right half.
Mike Sackton: but maybe papers, maybe
Mike Sackton: maybe that carry papers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can Kenzo use soul-site here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's no no. that's completely undetectable to anybody. It's just in Kenzo's mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: and there was something odd about Roman and the wolf.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: to understand more about that.
Mike Sackton: should we? I should we skip ahead to this dinner.
Tim Sackton: So I wanna come back.
Mike Sackton: Tyler, go ahead.
Mike Sackton: The markets fairly small right now.
Tim Sackton: It's pretty much dead by mid afternoon. It seems like on.
Tim Sackton: on, not on. There's like the 2 big market days. But on the other day, that's mostly, you know, serves as a
Tim Sackton: you know, food market mostly.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you come in for dinner. And Roman has set this table in the center, like in the very center of the
Tim Sackton: common room of this restaurant in
Tim Sackton: for you for the 5 of you.
Tim Sackton: and the dining room is is like completely full. There's maybe 40 people in here, mostly very well dressed.
Tim Sackton:  And he he! He! Sort of welcomes you as you as you come into the into the  dining hall, and you can see that there's like a first course already set. So I'm like
Tim Sackton: chill jellied things.
Tim Sackton: And he's making this. He's like announcing this big speech
Tim Sackton: in in Erskine which Kenzo understands, and the rest of you catch bits of
Tim Sackton: You know. He's like thanking these famous monster hunters for
Tim Sackton: for coming to town.
Tim Sackton: They're rich and powerful, and they've chosen his.
Tim Sackton: the Silver Wolf as their
Tim Sackton: home for the next 10 days, and he's grateful and overjoyed
Tim Sackton: up there that they would honor him in this way.
Tim Sackton:  And he's explaining to everybody that they don't speak the language.
Tim Sackton: They have guides and translators. but you won't be able to talk to them, so don't bother them unless they seek your company and your attention. Let them eat in peace
Tim Sackton: and enjoy the meal that he's prepared. and like just goes on a little bit about, you know. at me.
Tim Sackton: It's been years since you've been graced by an elf in this town, and etc. Etc. Etc.
Tim Sackton: And then seats you and kind of
Mike Sackton:  Dallas will get up after that, and just briefly in elvish.
Mike Sackton: I mean, unless anybody seems to know out like
Mike Sackton: he'll start a chart speech of thanks to Elvish. But if everybody appears to look blank he'll just like trail off eventually, just like you know, and blah blah blah blah blah! I don't really want
Mike Sackton: and then help help
Mike Sackton: just for a minute, and then like clearly, if people aren't, you know, and then he will say, Thank you in Erskine.
Right?
Mike Sackton: And you know
Mike Sackton: more broken earth can. Then even he would be able to speak in. But, like Thank you, Roman
Mike Sackton: or your hospital, you know, for this
Mike Sackton: for this food, and
Mike Sackton: and then sort of sit down.
Tim Sackton: So you eat your dinner. It's it's actually, surprisingly
Tim Sackton: distinctive. The first course is like like some sort of gelatin. It's like an aspect, or something like that. It's like jellied.
Tim Sackton: jellied like boiled bones to make it gelatin, and then flavored with something a stringent and
Tim Sackton: almost a little bit panic. This smell reminds you a little bit of the spiced tea. Some unusual spice you haven't encountered before.
Tim Sackton:  but it's interesting. It's different. And there's like 8 courses that he just brings out one after the other
Tim Sackton: almost every. There's nothing. There's no fresh meat, there's nothing fresh. Everything is sort of dried or preserved, but there's  fried smoked fish
Tim Sackton: or fried salted fishes like podcakes.
Tim Sackton: There's
Tim Sackton: like a venison
Tim Sackton: jerky, that's been soaked and then boiled in a sort of
Tim Sackton: meat and potatoes kind of
Tim Sackton: have like do, but but pretty robust and hardy, and everything has everything is spiced in this with this sort of
Tim Sackton: Sort of a stringic sort of panic
Tim Sackton: spice of some kind, and and occasionally like almost a little bit of like peppery spice as well.
Tim Sackton:  but it's definitely a different meal. It's
Tim Sackton: flavor profile. You haven't really encountered much before.
Tim Sackton:  and you know he's Romans kind of hovering around if you want to talk to him, is clearly like working the room, and, like, you know, tried to greet everybody.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: you know you can talk to them or not depending on if you want to.
Mike Sackton: At some point. Deleth will say again, in sort of very broken Ersk
Mike Sackton:  I would be
Mike Sackton: happy
Mike Sackton: to be introduced. I mean, it would come out more broken than this. But I'd be happy to be introduced to any of your important friends
Mike Sackton: is the is the gist
Tim Sackton: we'll get to that. We'll get to that. The implication is, if it would be a favor to you. Not that was asking to be introduced more, saying, If you if you want to.
Mike Sackton: if you want any of your so more like I would be happy to greet
Mike Sackton: any of your important guests right
Tim Sackton: anyway, the dinner proceeds.  because of his speech. In the beginning nobody is really nobody in the room is really interacting with you much unless you like. Get up and talk to people.
Tim Sackton:  He! He seems not to want to like.
Tim Sackton: He knows you're gonna be around for a while. You're staying at least in the market, like he's kinda letting you get settled before he pushes too much on anything.
Tim Sackton: if there's anything you want to do in that this evening.
Tim Sackton: you're certainly welcome to, otherwise we can jump ahead to how you plan to actually craft this silver world.
Mike Sackton: I'm nothing to add.
Tim Sackton: So the next morning. he's clearly like found a blacksmith or somebody who's shopping can come in here leads you there hosts. They're not like guards. They're basically like the, you know.
Tim Sackton: 2 bartenders. Right? They're they're like burly folk. They're, you know. They have clubs. They're not there to fight. They're just there to keep anybody from bothering you.
Tim Sackton:  And
Tim Sackton: what do you
Tim Sackton: do? Whatever you wish to do. He's given you a stock of silver to shape the
Tim Sackton: the Wolfram, and you've got
Tim Sackton: like a forge and plenty of charcoal, and and like that.
Tim Sackton:  so
Tim Sackton: and so there's this.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's this rumor about Ersk.
Eric Rosenbaum: That there is  a kingdom of wild folk
Eric Rosenbaum: led by a queen who can turn into a massive winter wolf.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: does this thing get connected? Is there any way I can make an inference about that, or seek seek for some clues.
Eric Rosenbaum: It just seems like a funny coincidence.
Tim Sackton:  your read on, I mean.
Tim Sackton: the Roman does not seem like he has hidden depths.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Like
Tim Sackton: your read on him is not that he has some. you know the
Tim Sackton: complicated history right? He really just thinks like silver wolves look cool, and he thinks he looks cool.
Tim Sackton: and so he wants overall
Eric Rosenbaum: alright. So how? How are we gonna do this?
Eric Rosenbaum: a seeker sketches out of design?
Eric Rosenbaum: Man Brisbane
Eric Rosenbaum:  makes it out of middle. I don't know, and he makes it out of middle. You cast it like I mean.
Kate Sackton: either you cast it or you like
Eric Rosenbaum: hammer it hammer it into shape right?
Kate Sackton: It seems easier, since both of you are good carvers.
Tim Sackton: to carve something that I can pour metal into than to spend hammering on it with tiny little hammers to shape you. Pretty much cast like like the normal thing to do
Tim Sackton: makes it
Eric Rosenbaum: who typically be a wax carving.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we need a block of the high temperature wax.
Tim Sackton: I mean the you can assume that those kinds of supplies are available to forge. You just need to work with the supplies.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then we have to decide what kind of like tone and artistic references to use
Kate Sackton: secret. Is it just because the whole wolf is the wolf right? He clearly wants a hole, I mean. He gave you up. He gave you like 10 pounds of silver.
Tim Sackton: He wants assign the sign like an in sign. Right? That's like a wooden. Normally, it's like a wooden sign that hangs with a painted will find it. He wants to replace that with like an actual silver.
Eric Rosenbaum: like 10 pounds silver. You know, it will do like a 3 dimensional or like a like, a really flat like, yeah, really. Okay, that's what I thought. But then you were. So let's let's aim to capture the
Kate Sackton: for the 2 sides of the sign.
Eric Rosenbaum: probably. Probably. Well. let's let's aim to capture the personality of Roman himself in the face of the wolf, so it looks a little bit like him, and has his friendly, welcoming.
Eric Rosenbaum: somewhat preening kind of spirit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. Both! That's proud of its appearance. Yes. exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum:  But
Eric Rosenbaum: what skill can I roll for my carving?
Tim Sackton: So I think, like
Tim Sackton: jewelers tools, probably. So that would be just roll like your
Eric Rosenbaum: 20 plus.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. This is
Tim Sackton: the like. Getting the design right would be intelligence actually making the thing would be dexterity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so maybe start with a rolling, firm design.
Tim Sackton: And you, I think, like
Tim Sackton: you could use inspirate. Well, you can't inspire yourself, but you're in a
Tim Sackton: I mean, I would say, spells with verbal components that guards might conceivably hear. But anything that's silent.
Tim Sackton: like inspiration
Tim Sackton: is probably a fair game to use.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could
Eric Rosenbaum: at performance of creation reference. You could sound like
Eric Rosenbaum:  Is there a risk to that, though? Because that's cast. That's illegal magic right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would do we need that and speak me? No, no, no, we don't need to that. Okay.
Mike Sackton: but I could do it so you know. Why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: So so he could prepares to that. He tried to, plus tackled it.
Tim Sackton: d 20 plus 10, for like making the design
Eric Rosenbaum: alright. I'll roll that one on roll 20, and then
Tim Sackton: either you or
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a 28 for the design.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So it's like you capture the likeness quite well.
Tim Sackton: Either you or Kenzo could carve it, cause I mean
Tim Sackton: wood carving or jewelers. Tools could either. Either one can apply for making the wax, turning the design into a wax mold.  And this would be dexterity, plus your proficiency.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hands out. You want to try.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So I hand you my sketch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do I roll?
Tim Sackton: One d 20 plus 10.
Okay, see?
Plus 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inspiration
Eric Rosenbaum: last week.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, we we.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, just get another block of wax and try again, I mean, could just try. Get you have like, 3 blocks of wax.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll inspire you to try to to improve that one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't wax. Ree. 28 last one nailed it, nailed it on the last one to to trap practice it.
Tim Sackton: Fire guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I guess. Yeah, you can mount nicely.
Tim Sackton: mount it down and reshape it, but that would delay you some
Eric Rosenbaum: alright. So the third block of wax I do that, anyway, courteously to leave behind some unused wax for the
Tim Sackton:  So you've got a nice mold.
Tim Sackton: So riswin's been
Tim Sackton:  like
Tim Sackton: cutting up the or heating up the silver and getting the forge going, and everything like that. And now
Tim Sackton: it's you know, this has probably taken half at least half the day. 2 thirds of the day so far.
Tim Sackton:  Now going to pour the
Tim Sackton: or the moment itself.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and roll.
Tim Sackton: Strength
Tim Sackton: plus your proficiency. So one d. 10 plus 9,
Kate Sackton: 2010, 20, sure. Okay. D 20, plus
Kate Sackton: so 24,
Tim Sackton: 24. Yep.
Tim Sackton:  So as as the day winds to a close you
Tim Sackton: from having
Tim Sackton: shaped your major design.
Tim Sackton: Shaped it
Tim Sackton: made a mold, poured the silver, and then like finished it off. You're you know. You spend. Spend the next couple of hours like polishing it up.
Tim Sackton: You've got this very nice, beautifully designed silver wolf in relief profile.
Tim Sackton: 2 pieces basically piece together like this.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: it came out quite, quite well.  definitely has that kind of dwarven.
Tim Sackton: you know. Sakawa
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's just what he wants.
Tim Sackton: So that evening you take it back to Roman.
Tim Sackton: and he is overjoyed.
Tim Sackton: This is perfect. This is exactly what I had in mind.
Tim Sackton: so grateful that you dwarves
Tim Sackton: came to the city. I never would have guessed it. But amazing I am in your dad.
Tim Sackton: If there's any favor I can do for you, just do not have a thing to ask, and they would be happy to repay you for this
Tim Sackton: generous deed that you have done for me and my end.
Kate Sackton: If we can say something about how we appreciated the challenge and are looking for additional challenges, as he knows. And
Kate Sackton:  Something like, you know, tie it all together.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: silver wolf crafting with a success. Kenza Rizwin and Seeker did it together.
Tim Sackton:  Roman is overjoyed
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: rather just asked for what other challenges he might have. and he kind of looks. Yes, you were.
Tim Sackton: You are asking about right
Tim Sackton: about bounties. Yes.
Tim Sackton: that so
Kate Sackton: strength and skill makes the day. Interesting.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, you wanted to speak to  to my friend Leena.
Tim Sackton: the watcher. Yes, you have no problem. Speaking with watchers, I assume.
Kate Sackton: if they have no problem speaking with Tours and else.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, no, of course not.
Never actually spoken with one before.
UU Church of Boulder: But everyone I've spoken with about speaking with a watcher has asked me that question.
UU Church of Boulder: why might we have a problem speaking with a watcher?
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, if you have contraband on you, perhaps or
Tim Sackton:  if you are led into the tower, there's a little bit
Tim Sackton: how shall we say? Not quite the same as just wandering around the city.
Tim Sackton: You aren't carrying any spell books by any chance, are you?
UU Church of Boulder: No
Mike Sackton: contraband is exactly yeah. What? What else is on the list of contraband?
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, you know.
Tim Sackton: Scrolls or spells, or wands are!
Tim Sackton: What
Tim Sackton: strange staff you carry? Isn't magic? Is it
UU Church of Boulder: one taken?
Tim Sackton: You do have a safe. Should you need one?
Mike Sackton: Della was true.
Mike Sackton:  alright! Is all done with a ask.
Mike Sackton: Well, be to ask, is all magic forbidden?
UU Church of Boulder: Clearly, I mean my friend is an elf sword. It's still
Mike Sackton: draw my sword, I can see like the glowing silver. Right?
Tim Sackton: No, you're not.
Tim Sackton: You're a warrior. Yes.
Mike Sackton: that sword I fight with a sword
Tim Sackton: spoken Erskine sword, obviously.
Tim Sackton: and your third friend, I'm not quite sure what he does.
Tim Sackton: A thief, perhaps.
UU Church of Boulder:  A hunter.
Tim Sackton: hunter. Yes. so no. So no problem. No
Tim Sackton: Starbucks, or
Kate Sackton: or ones.
Tim Sackton: or wands, you know.
Mike Sackton: definitely have those spell books. Some of us do have ones. I'm not saying that a lab just yet. But, Kenzo, you might want to be careful about your like wand of all kinds of things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that
Mike Sackton: they don't like acid arrows. Yes, that I do have.
UU Church of Boulder: How worried are we about the portable hole in the lead line locket like is.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: the safest thing would be for one of us to stay with all the magic stuff in the end. That's reasonable because it can't. We can't get in trouble for it. If we don't bring it to the watcher tower
Eric Rosenbaum: the smarts right?
UU Church of Boulder: Alright
UU Church of Boulder: good!
Tim Sackton: Well. if you would wish to speak with her well.
Tim Sackton: hmm! It can send a letter.
Tim Sackton: She does owe me a favor at the moment that I would happily use on your behalf.
Tim Sackton: and I believe she would be quite interested to meet you. In fact.
okay.
Tim Sackton: she has many contacts among the powerful.
Tim Sackton: And if you're seeking a real challenge.
Tim Sackton: wow.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure that
Tim Sackton: I'm sure that would interest her
Kate Sackton: course. We realize we're gonna be stuck going on some crazy, hairbrained thing to get the like left lung of a newt or something right? An ice newt.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Let's meet her
UU Church of Boulder: was to yeah, that'd be a great gift. Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Would you wish to meet her. perhaps after the market tomorrow. or for breakfast the following day?
UU Church of Boulder: You tell me what preference
UU Church of Boulder: about after the market, if you'd be so kind as to assist us in the sale of our goods?
Tim Sackton: Well, if you'd like to.
Tim Sackton: would you like me to handle the transactions for you, for only a small fee.
We'd be grateful
Mike Sackton: should see what we can get at the market first.
Kate Sackton: I think a strong. I think a strong in with this guy is more valuable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we don't need it extra
Tim Sackton: 10% of the day. You're
Mike Sackton: excuse to go to the market right?
UU Church of Boulder: So anybody can. Just
UU Church of Boulder: I'll take out the paperwork and and go into half link later mode and
UU Church of Boulder: walk through it all with them.
Tim Sackton: You interested in coin or goods.
Tim Sackton: This is quite an impressive paw. I did not quite realize what
Tim Sackton: esteemed company you keep
UU Church of Boulder: when you say goods. I don't know if we have the means to haul out the sort of goods that these are worth. But what? What sort of goods are available at the moment?
UU Church of Boulder: Wow! That would be this.
Tim Sackton: your people? Typically.
Tim Sackton: I guess you are not interested in the typical goods that
Tim Sackton: I often see bartered here.
Tim Sackton: Food, stuff and wine and metals and weapons and cloth.
Tim Sackton: We seem not to have a challenge with those items.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: possibility of
Tim Sackton: so sanctioned sale of the products of these things
Tim Sackton: swords or
Tim Sackton: Bose, or you said your friend was a hunter.
Tim Sackton: Armor, shields
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: magical purpose
Tim Sackton: that could be arranged if that was desired.
UU Church of Boulder: That might be worth.
Mike Sackton: What mean?
UU Church of Boulder: My my bow string is a treasure to me, but I
UU Church of Boulder: love to replace my boat with something of better work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: I could use some armor?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know. Can I wear sort of thing?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have light armors started leather.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I could do something better. Probably.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I could use better armor to. Actually, my armor is not very good, although it is magic.
Kate Sackton: It does seem like armor made out of
Kate Sackton: creepy Erskine monsters is probably pretty good armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's what I want. I mean, what? What?  We'd we'd need to probably
Mike Sackton: hear more about.
Mike Sackton: Tell them we have our own valuable magic things. I mean, obviously, I have a magic sword right like. So we'd need to know that these would be useful to us and not just.
Mike Sackton: but it's an intriguing possibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna do that without saying we have any valuable magic things. But yeah. if you wish to
Tim Sackton: to trade for such things.
Tim Sackton: I would suggest that
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: leave your goods under lock and key.
Tim Sackton: And I ask around tomorrow, said my agent, to ask around tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: and we'll see what is on. Offer.
UU Church of Boulder: Very good, and then we can decide
Tim Sackton: such a
Tim Sackton: if you seek such specialized items. Well. it simply depends on who shows up with what to sell at the market tomorrow, and if you don't like what's on offer, you can wait till Saturday and see if there's something new.
Kate Sackton: I mean gold and other goods are also
Kate Sackton: not a bad option, if like.
Mike Sackton: if there's nothing available. Yeah, let's wait till Saturday.
Mike Sackton: and you know you, we give him a a a
Mike Sackton: small cut for handling all the transactions and making sure that the right people. I think that that's a good way to play it? Yeah, making the introductions and
Kate Sackton: introducing us to the options.
Kate Sackton: Seems like I didn't.
Mike Sackton: We have actually. Why don't we tell him? Look, we have to? Can can he raise the cash
Mike Sackton: we have to leave right by
Mike Sackton: after the Saturday market? If there's nothing that meets our needs for the Saturday market.
Mike Sackton: would he? Would he front cash for us, and and we just leave, and he could sell it
Mike Sackton: after that
Mike Sackton: cause we can't stay. Why do you have to leave after this.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can. You have 10? You have 10 days?
Mike Sackton: Oh, well, that'll ask us for 2 Wednesday markets. I guess it would.
Mike Sackton: You'd have to leave the the second Wednesday market would be the last year. Never mind, I miscounted the days.
UU Church of Boulder: hey? Well, but you would really like a bow made from white dragon horn.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
that would be pretty awesome.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think I think there's a lot of possibilities, for we'll be here.
Tim Sackton: So he will. Yeah, we should get stuff that's cool if we can. But I just I want him to feel like we're
Kate Sackton: hoping he'll come up with something awesome. But we're also accepting cash. Some nice cloth to give to the
Kate Sackton: for for Dalti, or whoever they are.
Tim Sackton: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hit. Tim doesn't wear armor right. Nope.
Tim Sackton: Kenza is pretty like other than your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! Do I like feel cold and stuff like a cold? Right? I don't get cold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess Kenza was just wants to like, look cool. So maybe like, try to get like a cool. You know, something like
Kate Sackton: controller.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, she get like a cool magic cloak.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you have a magic club that nobody's wearing.
UU Church of Boulder: we do.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The the Elvin
UU Church of Boulder: cloak. I think the problem is, y'all running out of attunement slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! What does that one do?
Tim Sackton: It gives you advantage on stealth checks.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's cool, you know. It'd be really fucking useful for Kenzo as an invisibility quote.
Tim Sackton: That would be really. Yeah, that's like a legendary magic item. I don't think you're gonna get that for $40,000 worth of dragon parts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A legendary item. Alright.
Tim Sackton: right. You have the
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! Did somebody take that? Did you get rid of that?
Tim Sackton: Maybe you gave away the cloak?
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a slot to attune to it, but the lowest I can roll on a stealth check is already 25.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're not the one, even when you're trying not to be stealthy or like.
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: be cool.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. A grey club found in the elemental forge that functions as a club for the oven kind
Mike Sackton: that nobody's using. Yeah, yeah, because I've got gauntlets in a celestial gem and a
Kate Sackton: ax. So
Mike Sackton: yeah, it's tough to find
Mike Sackton: worthwhile items, because we either need items that don't need attunement or
Mike Sackton: things that are not
Tim Sackton: are things that are really powerful. Right? So most armor that I mean just to be realistic, like most armor like, it would be pretty easy to get like a plus one suit of stunted leather armor for seeker
Tim Sackton: that would raise your A/C. By one which is not horrible, and would not require 2 min right? Right?
Tim Sackton: Possibly something slightly. I mean, it might be tough to get better armor for Dalwith, because you already have.
Tim Sackton: I feel, yeah, your armor is. Your arm is already plus one, and doesn't give stealth, disadvantage
Mike Sackton: right? But it a plus one breastplate would be better.
Tim Sackton: would it? I think it's equivalent.
Mike Sackton: I know it would be this now. It would be better.
Tim Sackton: The press plays 15 by default. Anyway, I don't necessarily want to give up my identify armor seeker would ideally be coded in dragon scales into 2. But just a giant.
Tim Sackton: you know, like a plus 20 suit of
Mike Sackton: dragon scales everywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. yeah, like a bunny. See? Like, you know.
Tim Sackton: right head to toe right? But also like a bow, you know, a lot most magic, a lot of, unless again, unless it's something that
Tim Sackton: lets you do a ton of things like a bow that has some minor effect and gives you plus one to hit.
Tim Sackton: would also not likely be attuned, although while he does have an attuned front, so you could potentially get a a better bow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I think you're the only one who has a free attainment slot. Is that right?
Kate Sackton: Maxus? 3. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: correct. I mean. if Wellbe is not doing anything, was attunement slot. You should take my ring of displacement.
UU Church of Boulder: Yes, what is that
Tim Sackton: bonus action, dodge, bonus action, dodge, which
Tim Sackton: 3 is not
Mike Sackton: super useful if you can. Already bonus action dodge, but
Tim Sackton: he can't. Rogues don't get. Dodd isn't part of on Kenny.
Tim Sackton: but you'd have you'd you'd often have to give up sneak attack in order to dodge.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, cause you'd not be able to use your bonus action for
Tim Sackton: for steady aim or for hiding.
UU Church of Boulder: I yeah, I don't really have free bonus actions, because the cunning action also replaces bonus action. Right? Right? Right? Right?
Mike Sackton: Well, you're welcome to. It is literally doing deal with no good but
Mike Sackton:  It may not be worth taking.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ring of the warded mind that I use.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like advantage against being charmed or possessed
Mike Sackton: doesn't seem to come up that often. Yeah, you could dump that for something better, for sure.
Tim Sackton: Let's let's actually yeah. So let me just suggest it's like 1120. I wanna end not super late. And I think we have. If you don't want to do a ton of stuff at the market.
Tim Sackton: then we could just do half an hour of your meeting with, and then
Tim Sackton: call it quits for the night, I think, rather than spending a lot of time talking about magic items. Tim's gonna tell us what's available anyway, and then we'll pick from it. Yeah, yeah, with the session notes. I'll I'll let you know what's available, and you can say what seems good or not.
Tim Sackton: So the next day comes  In the morning Roman brings in this chest and makes a big show of like putting all your stuff in the
Tim Sackton: all your fancy stuff in the chest, and locks it up and hands you the key, but takes the papers so he can go to the market and show people what you have to sell and get offers and stuff for you.
Tim Sackton: But leaves the key with you just as a sort of you know.
Tim Sackton: Trust, you know, you might trust me. But like this is a lot of money. So like, obviously, you're not just gonna give it to me.
Tim Sackton:  and
Tim Sackton: arranges. He's arranged already for you to meet. This woman Lena, the watcher, for lunch
at the watchers. Spire
Tim Sackton:  So
Tim Sackton: how are you approaching this.
Tim Sackton: You have your room. Somebody, can you? You will, haven't. You can, theoretically, if you're willing to risk it.
Tim Sackton: telepathy. So you have an hour of telepathy.
UU Church of Boulder: I can also use halfling telepathy as presumably undetectable.
Tim Sackton: unlimited range. No, no, it's 100. It's like 100 feet, ish, but you can use it while you're talking. If you need secret.
Tim Sackton: but if somebody's staying behind it won't let you speak with the person who's staying behind
Eric Rosenbaum: lost audio for a second. There, what we're talking about.
Tim Sackton: prepare to prepare before you go to your meeting with
Tim Sackton: with Leno the watcher.
Kate Sackton: I mean, is it gonna be suspicious if one of us doesn't show up because we have to guard our secret stash of magical items like, I guess it's still better than walking in there with magical items.
Tim Sackton: It would be kind of suspicious if
Tim Sackton: one of the 3 of the monkey and doesn't show up.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo's really the only one who could stay behind.
Mike Sackton: not saying you should, necessarily. But Kenza staff is also probably the riskiest item that we are.
Mike Sackton: Can you cast spells with your staff?
Tim Sackton: Not really. No, he can. Only he can.
Mike Sackton: He can. It has its own. It has key. But actually having kids along to soul site, this person would be quite useful.
UU Church of Boulder: It's the
UU Church of Boulder: is the staff magic. Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: staff was magic as fuck.
UU Church of Boulder: But it's like magic in the way that this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It doesn't cast any spells actually. Yet, Tim. It just it channels key. That's what it does. All it does is channel key. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: So it's like this sword in that respect. Then right?
UU Church of Boulder: Actually, that's really interesting, Tim. This, the staff really is just like a piece of like elven wood, and then I can just like it's like my hands, like my hands are just my hands, but then I can channel key through them to like. Make them be magical things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting. That's cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jade is attached to the top of the staff. Just remember that, too. That's okay. Honestly, if somebody is like, Hey, I know about this jade great.
Mike Sackton: Then we found out where it is right, right. But then we're in Fausto's Tower again, and we've got that worked out well for us.
Mike Sackton: Plus wait, seeker, you have the Rainbow Bridge right?
Eric Rosenbaum: It is a super powerful magic item, but it also lets us teleport instantly, ish
Mike Sackton: back to safety.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do? But we have to be touching each other, Tim. Is that true? No, it just makes the bridge appear so somebody can follow you. Oh, God, I don't care
Mike Sackton: if, like one of these people follows us back. We can make the bread disappear once we step on it right?
Tim Sackton: Once you're on the ship, you could make it disappear. Yes.
Mike Sackton: if 2 of their watcher. People make it back to the ship. We can take them.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't want to be in that situation, though.
Mike Sackton: I'm just saying let's if the if it all goes south we have an out.
Eric Rosenbaum: II say, we just go.
Mike Sackton: As long as we don't have wands or scrolls. Make sure we leave behind any wands or scrolls.
UU Church of Boulder: Is it a bad idea to bring the portable whole? I mean, it's not a wander scroll, but and it is.
and a lead lined
UU Church of Boulder: amulet that looks like regular amulet. But like.
I mean.
Mike Sackton: it doesn't have any like super secret, dangerous artifacts in it anymore. So like, if
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean they must be some kind of protocol. They they probably have a box. You can drop stuff off, and when you're walking into the tower right? But nobody ever said. They don't let any amnesty box at the airport right?
Mike Sackton: He but he he didn't think. Bring my sword would be a problem
UU Church of Boulder: like an enchanted object that you're not gonna use to do any magic, all right. So we put the wand in the portable hole
there. Anything else that we need to get rid of.
Mike Sackton: I mean I wouldn't go, I mean, honestly deal with will probably not actually wear his armor or shield.
Mike Sackton: It seems a little bit odd in a way to walk into their tower.
Mike Sackton: But again, if things go south.
Mike Sackton: what doesn't want their that weave the armor
UU Church of Boulder: we're I feel like we're we're in a world where people go armed. Yeah, you know. Yeah, no, it's fine. Let's just let's just go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Okay.
Tim Sackton: so you're given. You're given a letter, basically saying, you know
Tim Sackton: an invitation to come to the the Tower and meet with Leena for lunch.
Tim Sackton: And you walk. you know it's only about 4 blocks from where you are to the entrance to this tower. and it's this
Tim Sackton:  So so when, as you get close to it, you can see is this like towering building? It must be.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: more than a hundred feet high, with like 3 rows of spires, so like a a low row, and then a slightly higher row than an even higher row in that. So it's like a tiered set. It's almost like a
Tim Sackton: like if you took a cathedral and sort of bent it into a circle.
Tim Sackton:  And there's you know. You see, you see, several watchers, and you go past a couple of sort of
Tim Sackton: gates.
Tim Sackton: As you walk past, and you show them your invitation, and they kind of motion you on until you step into the sort of anti chamber of this building, which is
Tim Sackton: high ceilings. There's a lot of light coming through just not stained glass, but just glass, plain glass windows with a sort of latticework. And there's there's a sort of
Tim Sackton:  slightly bored looking man in in
Tim Sackton: blue robes
Tim Sackton: standing there. And he looks up, and he and he reads your invitation. Any any
Tim Sackton: kind of shakes his head. No magic leave here.
Tim Sackton: leavemagic.
UU Church of Boulder:  Well, we will ask all.
Well, we will sensitively ask.
UU Church of Boulder: in a way that is appropriate to the rest of the city what we've learned so far does he mean all magic items of any kind. or including length. weapons, and things, or what? What does that involve?
Tim Sackton: Put all your magic here before you visit no magic in the tower
UU Church of Boulder: totally fair, and then we pick it up again on the way out, presumably. Right? Yes, of course. Yes. Wh. What sort of spot is he?
Tim Sackton: There's the same same kind of chest that the
that the entry guard has it's like doesn't have a
Tim Sackton:  doesn't have an opening, and he
Tim Sackton: yes, leave, and he goes over and eat. crosses this lake again, wax cylar into it, and the thing opens up. And it's like this big
Tim Sackton: open chest.
Mike Sackton: How big is it?
Mike Sackton: It's like a wardrobe.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't seem to have a bottom.
UU Church of Boulder: So
UU Church of Boulder: all right, there's an argument that says we are monster hunters. We are here to have a conversation. They want us to have magic. To go kill their monsters for them. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Dial with all take is sort of
Mike Sackton: he'll nod slightly. He'll he'll kind of apologies, he'll say again, and broken her skin apologies, will take a moment. and takes his sword and puts it in
Mike Sackton: takes the shield puts it in. He starts taking off his armor. Takes a few minutes.
Mike Sackton:  you know, kind of has to rearrange himself a little bit after taking the armor off, and like one box for all this right hope hope no dragon attack now.
Mike Sackton: Della, says
Kate Sackton: Wristwind puts in her gauntlet, and her gem of
Kate Sackton: Yup. All your stuff stuff, and my
Mike Sackton: Dallas will take off a ring, too.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. well, we have to like strip down. It takes off his armor, his hat shoes.
Tim Sackton: You guys are laughing as you're stripping down
Tim Sackton: famous. Yes, famous heroes
Eric Rosenbaum: seems to actually reduce in size total by about half.
Eric Rosenbaum: After removing all of the items from his body piles and piles of trinkets and scrolls, and the Gospel is
UU Church of Boulder: scrolls are not a good thing to have brought here. I thought we left. I don't care the scrolls on me. That's right.
UU Church of Boulder: Should I leave the Amulet in there, do you think.
UU Church of Boulder: with the portable hole?
UU Church of Boulder: No, putting a portable hole in another portable hole could be really bad. Oh, yeah, only if you need to destroy Earth we could do that. We have a portable hole inside. I mean, we have them. That's true inside our portable hole. I just I get nervous about that.
Mike Sackton: I have no idea what's gonna happen. I don't think anything bad will happen.
Mike Sackton: I don't think they could detect it.
Mike Sackton: but up to you you're controlling. Well, be
UU Church of Boulder: of
UU Church of Boulder: bye, bye.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll take it off, and I'll put it in, and I'll make a point
UU Church of Boulder: if this opens the whole city. No more city, and I'll put it in.
Mike Sackton: I assume nothing bad happens?
Tim Sackton: Nothing. Yeah. He says.
Tim Sackton: dimension.
UU Church of Boulder:  yeah. Ellis.
stop.
Tim Sackton: like, goes over he gets out another chest.
Tim Sackton: it's like a, it's like a
Tim Sackton: small lead box that he pulls out from a a shelf and opens it up. He says, dimension protection.
Eric Rosenbaum: You guys think of everything
Mike Sackton: della will also
Mike Sackton: take his. Well, let's see. Now, did he throw his magical cooking pouch, which is also extra dim in the regular one? Now he didn't.
Mike Sackton: He'll hand that over also to
Mike Sackton: the dimension protection.
Tim Sackton: Penzo puts in all of his stuff, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I guess. Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So are we saying, I don't need to bring in my staff, or probably shit. Huh?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the jade amulets are the jade pieces are super magical. Yeah, I guess I've been my staff, but alright.
Tim Sackton: He like presses the thing against it again, and this the line vanishes, and then he stamps this wax against the page, and it like drips down in this weird, complicated pattern, and he hands it to you. And he says, receipt
Eric Rosenbaum: heat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like, just like business transactional stuff, right? It's not like malicious. No, we're yeah. I mean.
Tim Sackton: he has. He's like. yeah, he's a low-level spellcaster. He clearly has some sort of magic item that lets him detect magic.
Tim Sackton: He looks back and he says, Wait
Tim Sackton: points at the 2 of wellbe and seeker.
UU Church of Boulder: Still magic. Well, we rolls up the sleeve and points at the tattoo.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo is also has a tattoo. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he's pointing at Kenzie, too.
UU Church of Boulder: What do we do with this?
Tim Sackton: Is okay? Let me ask.
Tim Sackton: He sticks in silence per minute.
Mike Sackton: You guys are seeming a little bit less credible as our local guides. It's true
Mike Sackton: that cover is getting weak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you mean if it's local guides, like we're
UU Church of Boulder: dragon killers. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, everybody you had done
UU Church of Boulder: alright. Alright.
Mike Sackton: We go up. So you get led up now. And you. You come to
Tim Sackton: this sort of small room on like the fifth floor, you go up this long spiral staircase.
Tim Sackton: There's a table that's been set with places for 6.
Tim Sackton: Said is like it's like a there's like a silver key service. It's all set basically for like for tea. And
Tim Sackton: the the person who's leading you kind of gestures you into the room and then leaves  and you just kind of standing around there for a minute.
Tim Sackton: 2 min. 5 min.
Tim Sackton: A woman walks in wearing
Tim Sackton: she's wearing. The the first thing you notice is that her hair is like
Tim Sackton: It's it's mostly blond, but it's got. It's like streaked with with white, almost like seeker's hair. Actually
Tim Sackton: like it has these like bleach hatches that are just streaked throughout it. And our eyes are almost completely white as well, like there's just a tiny little bit of blue irs around, almost completely white eyes
Eric Rosenbaum: hard to tell what her ages not super old like not. She's not wrinkled, she doesn't. She walks purposefully.
Tim Sackton:  Her face is pale.
Tim Sackton:  very thin eyebrows, just very sort of a thin face, but her eyes look at you with determination.
Tim Sackton: She's wearing a
Tim Sackton: well tailored but not fancy clothes. Mostly sort of
Tim Sackton: yeah, light blue sort of with a lined with fur, wearing a cloak like, and the the
Tim Sackton: signal of the of these watchers that
Tim Sackton: this like eyes symbol. This is like very heavy on her chest
Tim Sackton: and she looks at View view for a moment, and she
Tim Sackton: goes to cast a spell and then speaks, and you can immediately understand everything she says. Delworth recognizes the spell as tongues.
Tim Sackton: she says. greetings.
Tim Sackton: hunters, and
Tim Sackton: guides. she says, sort of questioningly.
Tim Sackton: please be seated here.
UU Church of Boulder: and then looks over at, dealt with relief to not have to be the one. Having this conversation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we choose our guides carefully
Tim Sackton: indeed. Please be seated.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will sit.
Tim Sackton: She sits as well.
Tim Sackton: Tell me a little of yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it that you are looking for here?
Mike Sackton: Dallas will tell us short tail
Mike Sackton:  of.
Mike Sackton: he'll start with. He'll actually lead with. We're looking for
Mike Sackton: interesting problems, excitement, something we can hunt.
Mike Sackton: and then he'll tell a story. He'll tell a little bit. You must. You must be curious why, we'd ask for such thing.
Mike Sackton: and he'll sort of look over at resin and
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: seeker and say I can't speak for my companions.
Mike Sackton: for me
Mike Sackton: well, tell a little bit of a story about like fighting in the Great War, and like being trapped for some time
Mike Sackton: afterwards.
Mike Sackton: and how it's been a strange experience coming back, and he really only finds peace in these hunts.
Mike Sackton: And so
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: the challenge. Not so much the riches is what I seek.
Mike Sackton: But then, hoping, Gert.
Mike Sackton: yeah, go ahead. Make. I think this is a deception check.
Mike Sackton: not really deception. You think it's persuasion. Yeah?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, because what we're trying to do is find out about a structure of the organization.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can buy it yourself right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, he's not.
Tim Sackton: It's sort of in between the 2. So so persuasions fine
Mike Sackton: can't get some inspiration seeker.
UU Church of Boulder: Will it be
Mike Sackton: given that 2
UU Church of Boulder: happy runes float around your head, though.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's true, very visible. Yes.
Tim Sackton: maha, I can live with my 2. Then there's nothing better. I can do that. She. She looks at you and and kind of looks at everybody else, and
Tim Sackton: hmm.
Tim Sackton: wow!
Tim Sackton: Still feel. I know why you're here.
Mike Sackton: Here. It's more of the story.
Mike Sackton: What do you wish to know?
Tim Sackton: You are the first of your kind who has come to this
Tim Sackton: city, and
Tim Sackton: well, at least a dozen years. maybe longer.
Mike Sackton: That was just not.
Tim Sackton: There are challenges anywhere. If you wish to seek your glory in battle.
drew you to the frozen North.
UU Church of Boulder: though you should so set her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Dragons mostly.
Tim Sackton: She is clear, clearly a a
Tim Sackton: pretty powerful wizard like she's on. She's on. maybe not quite your level, but not far off.
Tim Sackton:  She's confident she's curious. She's a little uncertain like, I mean, not uncertain.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Maybe uncertain is the wrong word. She's
Tim Sackton: sort of slightly puzzled like something about this doesn't quite add up to her like, what is an elf and 2 dwarves doing? Running around the frizzing north seems to be
Tim Sackton: yeah, you get that make actually make an insight check Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Wendy, 20 plus 8
Tim Sackton: with advantage. Cause you're still citing her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: both the 22.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So I mean, you definitely get the there's definitely a vibe that like, she's curious. It's really that she's curious about
Tim Sackton: you like the story seems interesting. But there's something that's not quite adding up
Tim Sackton: to her about the story.
Eric Rosenbaum: so the seeker will chime in.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are indeed, more than monster hunters that we are.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we're also adventurers and explorers.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: curious about
Eric Rosenbaum:  this world we have entered of
Eric Rosenbaum: of Earth. Get its wave.
That's good.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've heard tell of the Rodna.
Tim Sackton: yes.
Tim Sackton: or rather old, to join.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: not since you wish to move to earth. What interests are the Rodna to you.
UU Church of Boulder: my friend, is a seeker after curiosity. information, and knowledge.
UU Church of Boulder: We knew that it would not be appropriate
UU Church of Boulder: to come and ask certainly to demand such things, but we thought, perhaps, that by doing a service.
UU Church of Boulder: we might be able to have a conversation, say
UU Church of Boulder: at least to understand
UU Church of Boulder: a thing little understood outside your world.
Tim Sackton: and you claim to be a guide of the Ergaldi.
UU Church of Boulder: We brought them here through the Vargold territory.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's guided them here.
Mike Sackton: Nope. for my part.
Mike Sackton: truly wish to know
Mike Sackton: Della kind of looks uncertain.
Mike Sackton: I do not know if it is even safe to speak of.
Mike Sackton: Do not know your ways.
Tim Sackton: What do you fear?
Mike Sackton: Don't fear anything except loss of opportunity.
Mike Sackton: So I'm
Mike Sackton: in this part of the world
Mike Sackton: originally looking for somebody
Mike Sackton: someone who
Mike Sackton: came from.
Mike Sackton: They also phrased this very carefully, because I'm trying to
Mike Sackton: both tell the truth, and imply in case she jumps at something.
Mike Sackton: So I'm not sure exactly how I but what is it? So
Mike Sackton: I want her to potentially misinterpret me as thinking I'm seeking a the piece of jade. But I don't want to mention the jade at all. I'm actually talking about the woman we found who also came from the from the magic
Mike Sackton:  What's her name? The the other identi
Mike Sackton: Yota yota, right? So implying I actually dealt with knows that that this person, but again trying not to ever say person quite exactly
Mike Sackton: without again some something along those lines, came from some extra dimensional place fell from the sky.
Mike Sackton: and I'm seeking them right.
Mike Sackton: You know to to
Mike Sackton: because I have this sense that that I came, that they were related to the Great War somehow.
Mike Sackton: or or at least to my imprisonment after the great war. Blah blah blah, right? Like trying to read that needle.
Tim Sackton: Make a
Tim Sackton: persuasion check.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's sort of half and half, but
Mike Sackton: that's better.
Mike Sackton: I'm not telling any lies.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton:  a fascinating tale. And yet
Tim Sackton: I was told you were seeking a bounty. Do not see how these things connect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there's a way we could be of service to the watch.
UU Church of Boulder: We presume.
UU Church of Boulder: to take this information without giving something in return.
Tim Sackton: And so
Tim Sackton: you get the sense you definitely feel from your soul site that she's relaxed a bit like she feels like she's figured out what was bothering her
Tim Sackton: about you. Well, at least about the 3 of them. She still hasn't quite put together the fact that Youtube are like the most magical. Kenzo and Welby are like seemingly the most magical of any of you with magical tattoos, and yet supposedly these.
Tim Sackton: you know, Virgil guides, but she's definitely relaxed, like things seem like they make sense to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'll tell our, you know, since we're going, since I'm looking for this person
Mike Sackton: in the waist somewhere need
Mike Sackton: basically the hey? Well, I'm not gonna like, just
Mike Sackton: stand in the snow waiting for this to happen. You know, I'm I'm looking for something to do in the area while I wait fate.
Mike Sackton: So it so, the the implication being that the reason we're here is the reason deal with this here is to try and find this person
Mike Sackton: and or thing, or whatever Mister is. And the reason I'm looking for a bounty is. I get a be in the area for a little bit and need something to do.
Mike Sackton: So. Yes, it's about, but it's not our only your entire purpose
Mike Sackton: and honestly dealt with will add honestly.
Mike Sackton: if there's any way it's so much more comfortable staying here than out
Mike Sackton: with those people.
Tim Sackton: But I do not have information you seek.
but perhaps
Tim Sackton: I could
Tim Sackton: put you in contact with those who might
Tim Sackton: have the power to have sensed such dimensional disturbance.
Tim Sackton: You have a
Tim Sackton: few possibilities. Should you wish to
Tim Sackton: bye
Mike Sackton: would rise, hand have generated a dimensional disturbance?
Mike Sackton: I mean no idea.
Tim Sackton: It's hard. Well.
Tim Sackton: you don't know if every piece of rise hand followed the same
Tim Sackton: like trajectory. Right? One you recovered in the elder would like definitely generate.
Mike Sackton: I deal with will sort of say yes, of course, but also, I would be quite grateful if there was any way
Mike Sackton: we could stay in this place a bit longer.
Mike Sackton: The food it
Mike Sackton: what's this ROM Roman silver wolf. The food of the silver wolf is much better than camp rations, and if I'm going to be
Mike Sackton: traveling out into the wastes again.
Mike Sackton: hate to give it up on our return.
Mike Sackton: I realize that is a unusual or a big ask. But of course I will not be staying long
Mike Sackton: just more than 10 days.
Tim Sackton: Umhm.
Tim Sackton: This may be in my power to arrange.
Tim Sackton: but it require the
Tim Sackton: pledge.
Tim Sackton:  sorry 1 s right now.
Tim Sackton: It would require the pledge of
Tim Sackton: the watchers serve at the pleasure of the Rhondda.
Tim Sackton: you would need to seek their favor before I could approve this.
Tim Sackton: I know several who might be interested in
Tim Sackton: your services
Tim Sackton: and good help
Tim Sackton: with your quest for a dimensional disturbance.
Tim Sackton: Should that be what you wish.
Tim Sackton: perhaps even a travel pass could be arranged
Tim Sackton: depends on who you wish to speak to
Mike Sackton: guide us.
Tim Sackton: I have contacts
Tim Sackton: among 3 of the Ragnar
Tim Sackton: Irana, Zoriana.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps you know little of our people are their magic.
Tim Sackton: They are
Tim Sackton: diviners.
Tim Sackton: Rodna Marazmir.
Tim Sackton: What you would say?
Tim Sackton: They shape energy into magic vocers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Or. though not necessarily recommend this course, or
Tim Sackton: their power is weak.
Tim Sackton: Rodney Vagnaz.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, we're
Tim Sackton: known for what was what was Archim?
Mike Sackton: Remember, invoker.
Tim Sackton: he was an evoker. Yeah. Okay.
Tim Sackton: okay, let's change that around. Then the  The Morasmere are
Tim Sackton: Abdur's protectors.
Tim Sackton: finally, the Rodney of Faulkner's.
They are shapers of elemental energy evokers, you might say, but
Tim Sackton: have overextended themselves.
Tim Sackton: Well, there is great power in shaping frost and fire at your will. There is also danger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: but I have contacts among all 3
Mike Sackton: there a danger, and speaking to more than one.
Mike Sackton: They dislike each other.
Mike Sackton: Must we pick sides?
Tim Sackton: I can only give you one travel pass
Tim Sackton: must pick a destination.
Mike Sackton: They're not here.
Tim Sackton: must go to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: knowing the geography might help us decide.
Tim Sackton: Of course I forget.
Tim Sackton: You possess great power.
Tim Sackton: and yet are not one of us. I forget.
Tim Sackton: She waves her hand, and an illusion appears over the table. Showing
Tim Sackton: a map of Ersk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Eric Rosenbaum: Bobby takes pictures.
Tim Sackton: we are. Can you all see? Enroll 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's get it.
Mike Sackton: is it just the regular? Yeah. Yep, we are here, as you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Vagnaz are to the west.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: Mars Mir.
Tim Sackton: They're on the coast.
and
Tim Sackton: the first one is name. I have to look up.
Tim Sackton:  they are near our headquarters
Tim Sackton: here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! I got mixed up. Where's the vote?
Eric Rosenbaum: They're in the West? The the
Tim Sackton: Marzmir, the Abdurra's on the coast.
Tim Sackton: Okay, rhinos like in these?
Mike Sackton: can we use Welby's telepathy to briefly confer, but I think we want to go from oak ness.
Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton:  Della was to save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Good.
Mike Sackton: They'll also say,
Mike Sackton: Your opinion that they are the
Mike Sackton: bad disfavor. She said. There was something about today just favored right? That they were weak
Tim Sackton: at the moment
Mike Sackton: is Vogna's
Mike Sackton: so weak that they would not be able to aid us. I
Mike Sackton: I have a belief that
Mike Sackton: the West is the direction
Mike Sackton: I would be best placed to go.
Tim Sackton: Vagnaz.
Tim Sackton: They are desperate.
Tim Sackton: They may ask much of you and give much in return. If you can raise their status.
Eric Rosenbaum: it is a high risk, high reward. Strategy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds like just the same thing you like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm
Mike Sackton: Deleth will smile briefly at that.
Mike Sackton: Think that would
Mike Sackton: suit my companions.
Tim Sackton: I will need to get approval.
Mike Sackton: of course.
Tim Sackton: may take 3 or 4 days.
Mike Sackton: We had a problem for you. of course. No, we we had hoped to
Mike Sackton: arranged for the sale of some goods on Saturday.
Tim Sackton: Yes, I have heard you have
Tim Sackton: quite the stock.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: it'd be ex acceptable.
Mike Sackton: Could we leave on Sunday? Perhaps.
Tim Sackton: if permission is granted
Tim Sackton: that should be possible.
Tim Sackton: I will need to inquire. But, given your obvious skills.
Tim Sackton: I believe any of the Rodney would have missions for you. Reputation is already
Tim Sackton: spread through this town in the days you've been here.
Tim Sackton: and it is rare for talented individuals such as yourselves to be willing to put themselves in the service of the wizards of Ersk.
Tim Sackton: So if you're a minimal.
Tim Sackton: I'll make contact.
Tim Sackton: and I can reach you at the Silver Wolf when I have approval or your travel Pass
Mike Sackton: della Thalitbanker. Yes, or if I missed this, how are we expecting to travel?
Mike Sackton: She didn't say.
Eric Rosenbaum: are you saying that's Eric?
Tim Sackton: That's Eric. I just wasn't sure if I missed something. No, I mean, the implication is like, you guys are pretty.
Tim Sackton: If you're that skilled, you must have a way to travel 300 miles on your own
Eric Rosenbaum: without a magical scholarship. Yeah, it might be pretty risky to fly a magical skyship across Ersk.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
ride horses. But like,
Mike Sackton: once we get a travel pass we could. We could ask a bit about, you know.
Mike Sackton:  yeah, we're gonna wanna go the caravan or something, how one travels
Mike Sackton: without
Mike Sackton: breaking the rules.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: right? Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So let's
Mike Sackton: yes.
Tim Sackton: Alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good night. Everyone. Thanks, guys. Good night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.